***[AWrite your feedback here:]{.underline}***

-   "The exam was easy and more than 60% of the past papers were
    > repeated. from the 294 doc and the previous attempts of EMREE
    > 2024."

-   "Approx 30 questions were different but with similar concepts."

-   "I believe that just a few questions were new, not more than 5,
    > while the rest are mostly from the 294 document and this year's
    > previous → make sure to go through it at least twice cuz you
    > won\'t remember the questions as there are a lot."

## **Internal Medicine**

1.  **\[294\] pregnant lady with SLE gave birth. Her child was
    > bradycardic. Which auto-antibody is associated with a high risk of
    > heart block in the fetus?**

    a.  **Anti-Ro** (neonates)

    b.  Anti-Jo (polymyositis)

    c.  ANA (sensitive for SLE)

    d.  Anti-double-stranded DNA (specific to SLE)

    e.  Anti-histone (drug-induced SLE)

    f.  Anti RNP

2.  **\[294\] A patient with Crohn's disease has multiple fistulas. What
    > is the histopathology of his disease? (the question was a way
    > longer description of Crohn's disease)** **" 1st line ttt for
    > chron is steroid, 1st line for UC is mesalazine"**

    a.  **Non-caseating granulomas**

    b.  Caseating granulomas

    c.  Crypt abscesses

    d.  Thinning of the affected wall

    e.  Inflammation of the mucus membranes

3.  **\[294\] What predicts a poor prognosis of pancreatitis in the
    > first 48 hours?**

    a.  **LDH \> 600** **" high LDH is an indication for necrosis and
        > cellular damage "**

    b.  Amylase \> 1000

    c.  Triglycerides \>500

4.  **\[294\] A woman presented with RUQ pain, pruritus, and jaundice.
    > She also has a skin rash (xanthomas). ANA was negative but [AMA
    > was positive]{.underline}. LFTs are deranged and ALP is high.
    > Management?**

    a.  **Ursodeoxycholic acid**

5.  **\[294\] A** **man had a meal made of meat, potatoes, and green
    > beans. Over the next 3 hours, he had watery diarrhea. He improved
    > with fluids and was able to return to work after 24 hours. What is
    > the causative organism?**

    a.  *Clostridium difficile* (post-antibiotics = pseudomembranous
        > colitis bloody diarrhea)

    b.  *Clostridium perfringens* (8 hours after food up to 2 days)

    c.  ***Staphylococcus aureus*** (1-6 hours after food up to 2 days)

    d.  *Yersinia enterocolitica* (2 weeks of self-limiting diarrhea)

6.  a.  
    b.  
    c.  

7.  

8.  **\[294\] A patient comes with upper GI bleeding. He is managed with
    > fluids and the bleeding stopped. An endoscopy was done and showed
    > a 1 cm ulcer with a non-bleeding vessel at the base of the ulcer.
    > What do you do?**

    a.  **Endoscopic clipping of the vessel**

    b.  Angio-embolization of the vessel

    c.  IV vasopressin

    d.  pylori eradi ca

    e.  ion

9.  **\[294\] A 45-year-old man with S&S of leukemia, they say that his
    > blood smear has "Auer bodies":**

    a.  **AML**

10. **\[294\] A patient has oozing from the venipuncture site 4-hours
    > after a gastrectomy. She also has purpuric lesions on her LLs &
    > the dressing over the surgical wound was soaked. Cause?**

    a.  vitamin K

    b.  Ineffective electrocautery

    c.  **Platelets**

    d.  Anti-fibrinolytic

11. a.  
    b.  
    c.  
    d.  
    e.  

12. **\[294\] was**

13. **\[294\] A 28 y/o man presented with xanthomas all over his hands
    > and body. His father died at the age of 51 due to a myocardial
    > infarction. Investigations showed an abnormal lipid profile ([LDL
    > = 400; TGs = 200; HDL = 45)]{.underline}. His father has CAD.
    > Diagnosis?**

    a.  Familial hypercholesterolemia

    b.  **Familial combined hyperlipidemia**

    c.  Type IV dyslipidemia

14. **\[294\] A man with proteinuria developed DVT. What is the cause?**

    a.  **Loss of antithrombin III**

15. **\[294\] A patient was found after being lost in the desert for 2
    > hours. The outside temp was 48C and his creatinine was 3.2 (high).
    > What is the cause of his high creatinine?**

    a.  **Hypoperfusion**

16. **\[294\] What drug would you recommend for preventing another
    > episode following TIA?**

    a.  **Aspirin**

    b.  Clopidogrel

17. **\[294\] A lady is complaining of weakness in her jaw and blurred
    > vision (diplopia) that worsens by the end of the day. What is the
    > best initial test? MG**

    a.  Neck ultrasound

    b.  CT abdomen and pelvic

    c.  **Chest CT**

    d.  Echocardiography

    e.  CSF analysis

18. **\[294\] An HIV +ve man presented with fever, expressive aphasia,
    > and altered consciousness. CT image attached (showing multiple
    > ring-enhancing lesions). Diagnosis?**

    a.  **Toxoplasmosis**

    b.  Pyogenic abscess

    c.  Tuberculoma

19. **\[294\] A patient has weakness in both upper & lower limbs.
    > Sensations are intact. She also has a speech problem. What is the
    > most likely diagnosis?**

    a.  Cerebral tumor

    b.  **Motor neuron disease (ALS)**

    c.  Anterior column system disease

    d.  Spinal stenosis

    e.  Poliomyelitis

20. Question about asbestosis. Patient smoked 20 cigarettes a day and
    > occupation of a construction worker.

> Mesothelioma

## 

## **Surgery**

21. **\[294\] A 70-year-old man was admitted for a surgical procedure.
    > 10-days post-op, when he tried to mobilize for the first time, he
    > developed sudden unilateral pleuritic chest pain associated with
    > dyspnea and diaphoresis. It subsided on its own. He was afebrile.
    > What is the most likely diagnosis? (I believe different age and it
    > was 8 days post-op -\> same answer)**

    a.  **Pulmonary embolism**

    b.  Bronchiectasis

    c.  Atelectasis

    d.  Pulmonary infarct

    e.  ARDS

    f.  F. Lobar pneumonia

22. **\[294\] A 70-year-old lady underwent hip replacement surgery after
    > fracturing her hip. 7 days later, she developed symptoms of
    > breathlessness and chest pain when ambulating with her
    > physiotherapist. What is your initial step in management?**

    a.  **USS of lower limbs**

    b.  **CT angiogram**

    c.  **V/Q scan**

    d.  **Chest x-ray**

23. **\[294\] A 60-year-old lady with a history of constipation had [LLQ
    > pain]{.underline} and [fever]{.underline} that started several
    > weeks ago. Suddenly, she developed generalized abdominal pain. His
    > blood pressure is low. O/E: abdominal tenderness, guarding, and
    > rigidity with no bowel sounds. Dx?**

    a.  **Perforated Diverticulitis**

24. **\[294\] A 55 y/o man, a heavy smoker (40 cigarettes per day for a
    > long time) & alcoholic, is complaining of a mass on neck. O/E he
    > has a palpable left jugulodigastric node(s). What cancer does he
    > likely have?**

    a.  Gastric

    b.  **Oropharyngeal**

    c.  Liver

    d.  Lung

25. **\[294\] A patient has an ulcer that causes pain with hunger that
    > improves after eating. He has been gaining weight. Where is the
    > ulcer located?**

    a.  Body of the stomach

    b.  **First half of the duodenum**

    c.  Jejunum

    d.  Lower esophagus

26. **\[294\] A diabetic patient has bilateral knee osteoarthritis. His
    > medication list included indapamide, Amlodipine, metformin, and**
    > **glipizide. He was advised to walk almost daily. After 1 week, he
    > presented with unilateral effusion & redness of his knee. Vitals
    > were normal (afebrile). Diagnosis?**

    a.  Hemarthrosis with ligament damage

    b.  Gout\*

    c.  Osteoarthritis exacerbation

    d.  Drug-induced

    e.  Septic arthritis (

    f.  

    g.  

> **V** **Pediatrics**

27. **Roseola question**

## **Obstetrics & Gynecology**

2 questions on secondary amenorrhea.

## **Family Medicine**

28. **\[294\] A 53 y/o menopausal lady is coming for a routine checkup:
    > no current complaints.** **Mother had breast cancer at the age of
    > 53 and died. BP = 130/70 mmHg. What do you give her?**

    a.  **Calcium supplements (600 mg)**

    b.  methyldopa TID

    c.  Estrogen patch

> **At menopause, women experience a decrease in estrogen levels, which
> leads to bone density loss and an increased risk of osteoporosis.**

29. **\[294\] A 50 y/o female patient with well-controlled DM II came
    > for her 2-month follow-up. She is exercising 3 days/week & is
    > following dietary advice. She did a pap smear last year. What is
    > the appropriate screening test to be ordered for this visit?**

    a.  A. Pap smear

    b.  **Mammogram**

    c.  ECG

    d.  DEXA scan

## **Psychiatry**

## **Public Health**

## **Biostatistics & Epidemiology**

30. **\[294\] Something about intercept (what it means for the
    > coefficient for pregnant women)? ((The same question as this, but
    > the answers are not exact!! The answer is still E))**

    a.  Mean value when all x=0 when all variables are 0

    b.  All the variables were zero -- the shortest gestation age is
        > 37.9 weeks

    c.  Median of gestation period -- strong association between 4
        > parameters -- no interpretation

    d.  Mean of gestational period

    e.  **The average length of pregnancy is 37 (37.9) weeks if all
        > variables are 0.**

## **Ethics**

31. **\[294\] A patient was diagnosed with cancer but did not want
    > anyone to know. The doctor respected her wishes. What ethical
    > principle was applied?**

    a.  Autonomy (instead of this it was **confidentiality**)

    b.  Non-maleficence

    c.  Beneficence

    d.  Justice

## **Others / Misc**

32. **ENT question asking which is best treatment for child with red
    > tympanic membrane, child seems well and smiling, ear pain and
    > nasal congestion**

    a.  **Amoxi'cillin (i put this)**

    b.  **Paracetamol**

    c.  **IV fluids**

30\. Patient hospitalized for pancreatic cancer. Suddenly he started
looking ill and his X-Ray looked something like this?

![](vertopal_5406da46ec1f4f609ec457af46cef2b4/media/image1.png){width="2.713542213473316in"
height="3.1917475940507436in"}

What is the best initial management?

A.  Volvular detorsion and something (case of sigmoid volvulus coffee
    > bean sign)

B.  . Colostomy and colectomy?

C.  Stop anticholinergics and narcotics and correct metabolic
    > disturbances correct

D.  Diagnostic and therapeutic colonosc opy

31\. Something about vessel ligation during episiotomy using propylene
glycol suture. repeated rupture? of suture and possible underlying
cause:

-   Not using proper suturing material (chat gpt)

-   Multiple lacerations

-   Infection ?

32\. Child 3 years old brought by his mother because he is Looking
malnourished. He drinks diluted milk 1-3x/day. Does not like to eat
home-cooked meals. No past medical illnesses. Up to date vaccination.
Reached all developmental milestones. O/E he was on the 5th percentile
of his age.

Possible cause?

-   Bad eating habits (answer)

-   Neglect

-   Celiac disease

-   Milk protein allergy

33\. Infant with labial adhesions treatment? 14 month old girl had
dribbling (urinary incontinence) so mother took her to get checked.

-   Estrogen cream (maybe this is answer)

-   Nothing to do until puberty (ruled out due to active symptoms)

-   Surgery to separate the labia

34\. Immunodeficiency associated with nrepeated infection by
encapsulated bacteria:

-   Chronic granulomatous disease

-   SCID

-   CVID

-   X linked agammaglobulinemia

-   Can't remember

35\. Physiological changes not attributed to ageing.

-   REM sleep

-   FEV

-   Hematocrit

-   HR response to stress

-   Functional capacity.

36\. A patient has a gradual onset of vision loss over the past two
weeks in one eye. On fundoscopy, you found blots and dots, and the
vitreous body is clear.

a.  Central retinal venous occlusion (CRVO)

b.  Vitreous hemorrhage

c.  Neovascularization

Another question similar to above but the question had floaters and
flashes with the same options.: retinal detachment?

37\. Fundoscopy changes not due to hypertension:

-   Papilledema" actually seen in hypertension "

-   Microaneurysms (correct answer)

-   AV nipping

-   Exudate

38\. A G2P1A0 presented with rupture of membranes 8 hours ago. She is at
37 weeks. US shows marginal (NO?) Placenta and longitudinal cephalic
position and at station 0. She has been in labour. No Uterine
contractions. Cervix is 4 cm dilated and fully effaced. Contractions
haven't started yet. What to do next?

-   Prostaglandins pessary

-   Admit and wait for spontaneous vaginal delivery in the next 16 hrs

-   IV Syntocinon drip (maybe this as I do not think we give pessaries
    > once membranes ruptured)

-   Discharge home and instruct to come back in 24-48 hrs if labor
    > didn't start

-   Urgent C section

39\. Patient with Rhinorrhea, Low grade Fever, Left maxillary sinus
tenderness. He got that infection \> 5 times before and it improved with
antibiotics. Most common pathogen involved in his condition?

-   Strep pneumoniae (pneumococcus)" because its recurrent so the cause
    > is bacterial"

-   H influenzae

-   Rhinovirus

40\. Chronic gastritis
with\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`\`
IDA, Tx:

-   Oral Fe

-   IM Fe

41\. Liver nodule in Pt. with hepatitis C. Elevated AFP, CT contrast
showed hyperdensity -\> hypodensity. Cause?

-   Hemangioma

-   HCC

42\. Pt. with endometriosis took GNRH agonist. Possible side effect?

-   Decrease in bone density

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Ovary hyperstimulation syndrome

43\. Pt. with cystic fibrosis had pneumonia caused by staph aureus.
Suddenly developed shortness of breath. Auscultation showed revealed
breath sounds. Tracheal deviation to the left. Cause?

-   Pleural effusion

-   Pneumothorax.

44\. Pt. with mild eye inflammation, red throat, bullae on tympanic
membrane + auscultation revealed basilar rales. Chest X-Ray showed
bilateral basilar opacities. Workup showed Leukocytosis with 50%
lymphocytes (normal \<40%). Next step?

IgM cold agglutinins and something

-   IgM adenovirus (chat gpt)

-   Methamine silver stain

-   Chocolate medium culture

-   Mycoplasma pneumonia?

45\. Guy with saccular aneurysm rupture and underwent surgery. He
presents with livedo on his trunk. Blue toes. elevated creatinine. And
on fundoscopy you see yellow

-   Cholesterol emboli syndrome

46\. A man was running under the sun for a while then suddenly developed
nausea, headache, and extreme sweating and fatigue. His temperature was
38.4 degrees celsius. What is the diagnosis?

a.  Heat exhaustion\*

b.  Heat stroke

47\. 87 year old Patient is diabetic for a long time and is on diabetic
medications (sulfonylureas). Cr 1.5 (normal is up to 1). Low Hb, normal
MCV.

a.  anemia of chronic kidney disease

b.  Anemia of chronic disease due to DM

c.  Bone marrow suppression due to meds

d.  Occult colon cancer

48\. Bronchiolitis

49\. Child with otalgia and sore throat, on examination an erythematous
eardrum and mobile, and erythematous pharynx. with fever post URTI (i
think all this presented together?). What to give?

a.  Paracetamol

b.  Nasal spray (decongestant)

c.  Amoxicillin

50\. Amoxicillin

51\. Bullous myringitis treatment?

-   Amoxi-Clav for 10 days

52\. Pt. with dysuria and frequency, voids a little urine. She pointed
blood in her urine. Urine culture was taken. What treatment do you give
until then?

-   Amoxicillin for 5 days

-   Nitrofurantoin for 4 days

-   TMP-SMX for 7 days

-   A macrolide

53\. Back pain after heavy lifting, radiating to buttocks bilaterally
but right side is more intense and radiates down to his knees. Next
step? Reflexes brisk but symmetrical bilaterally

-   X-Ray

-   Gradual return to normal activity

54\. A patient was diagnosed with lumbar disc herniation L3-4 and had
his surgery postponed for 3 months. However, he came to the ER with
lower back pain, no perianal anesthesia, but he says that it feels funny
upon digital rectal examination. He also recalls an episode of urinary
incontinence yesterday. What could be the cause?

-   Deterioration / exacerbation of the disc prolapse

-   Cauda equina ( maybe this? )

-   ?

55\. Ankle pain, anterior tibial line, no lateral or medial malleolus

-   Nothing

-   -Rest, ice, compression, elevation

56\. Px had hypotension in surgery then we resuscitated him. Best way to
know we did well?

a)  1.SBP more than 90

b)  CVP more than 2

c)  Urine output more than 40 ml/hr

d)  HR less than 100 bpm

Child passed meconium 3 days after birth and now has constipation

-   Hirschsprung

57\. Lady on OCP, with every follow up you notice her BP is rising, what
do you do?

-   Switch to progestin-only pills

-   Switch to OCP with lower estrogen

-   Switch to OCP with higher estrogen

-   Switch OCP with lower progesterone

-   Suggest barrier

58\. True about Schizophrenia

-   chronic cannabis use is associated with early-onset schizophrenia

(Copied from Feb 18)

59\. All of the following is true about clozapine except one statement,
which is?

-   a\. Strongly blocks D2 receptor

-   b\. Can cause agranulocytosi

-   c\. May increase weight gain

-   d\. Anticholinergic effects

-   e\. Supersensitizes nigrostriatal pathways

60\. What increases serum carbamazepine level?

a.  warfarin

b.  Theophylline

c.  OCPs

d.  Erythromycin (macrolides except azithromycin which is an enzyme
    > inhibitor according to Google)

61\.

a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

62\. MI patient, developed an arrhythmia after 24 hrs (ECG attached-
either Mobitz 1 or complete heart block). What to do?

a)  Pacemaker

b)  Digoxin

63\. Patient was working as a social worker and in social services. She
has seen many bad scenarios to the point where she sees nightmares. Also
she has depression symptoms because of it. The doctor gave her
sertraline, and everything improved except for the nightmares. Which
medication specifically help her with her nightmares according to
evidence based medicine?

a)  Add prazosin for the bad dreams u have seen

b)  Switch to paroxetine

c)  Lower dose of sertraline

d)  Add haloperidol

64\. Agitation and tremors. Symptoms started 8 hours after his last
drink. He is a chronic alcoholic. No mention of hallucinations. Mgx?

a)  Haloperidol

b)  Chlordiazepoxide

65\. Woman with her 7 day old newborn. Mom is varicella positive. Came
to the clinic. What do you do?

-   Nothing

-   Give newborn IVIG immunoglobulin

-   Give acyclovir to the infant

66\. 96 hrs post c-section, developed abdominal distension with malaise
and nausea. Induration and copious serosanguinous fluid at operation
site. Most likely cause?

a.  Wound infection

b.  Wound dehiscence

c.  Intra Abdominal abscess

d.  Fistula

67\. \[294\] A patient came in due to abdominal pain. She takes a lot of
vitamins including vitamin A, D etc. Her lab results were shown and all
normal except: high calcium (12.8), low PTH, and high 25-hydroxyvitamin.

a.  Vitamin D toxicityl

68\. Endometrial cancer RF. talked about a patient and gave some
history - Has dm trying to control with metformin.

a.  diabetes

b.  Multiparty

c.  Menopause at 47

d.  Puberty at 16

e.  BMI 29 correct

69\. In biophysical profile, what is the minimum normal fetal movement

a)  6 in 1 hr

b)  5 in 30 mins

c)  6 in 30 mins

d)  6 in 2 hr

70\. A lady in her 40s has muscle stiffness in shoulders and legs. Can't
stand up from a sitting position, has tenderness in the shoulders.
Started statins 6 months ago. ESR 35 (normal 20s). LFTs were normal. Her
MCP is slightly swollen, and her finger has mild synovitis. CK wasn't
mentioned?

a.  Fibromyalgia

b.  statin induced myopathy (correct answer)

c.  Polymyositis (right ans)

d.  Rheumatoid arthritis

71\. Child 4 days old, passed meconium on day 3, after birth.
Constipated, Cause?

a.  Hirschsprung\'s

72\. A patient presented with low mood, insomnia, feeling hopeless, and
lack of interest (total of 4 MDD symptoms). This has been going on for
TWO YEARS after her husband passed away. What is the diagnosis?

a)  Persistent depressive disorder (correct ans)

b)  Pathological grief

c)  Major depression with partial remission

73\. Woman found lost wandering the street. Cops reported her missing in
a town nearby. You find out she recently lost her husband and son to an
accident. Best initial treatment?

-   Psychotherapy

-   Fluoxetine

74\. case of infertility. hyperprolactinemia Prolactin (90) with TSH 7.
what to do?

a.  induce ovulation

b.  Send S/T3 S/T4

c.  picture sella turcica correct

75\. MVA, seat belt sign on abdomen, abdominal sounds are absent. FAST
shows no intraperitoneal fluid collection. What is the most likely
injured structure? BP 120/80

d.  Aorta

e.  Spleen

f.  Liver

g.  intestine j

76\. An old man was brought by his son for progressive short-term memory
deficit, depression and irritability. He has been forgetting things like
where he parked his car. The son also reports that his father had 1
episode of thinking that his neighbors are poisoning him. Diagnosis?

a.  Dementia

b.  Schizophrenia

c.  Personality disorder

77\. You are at a school clinic. A Diabetic kid, he was playing sports
then became unconscious at school. Couldn't measure glucose levels cause
no glucometer available. What is the best next step?

a.  refer to hospital

b.  Give IV D50

c.  4 subcutaneous Insulin injections

d.  IV LR

78\. Ankle sprain. Has bruises, can walk. Pain on anterior joint line,
no pain on medial or lateral malleolus.

a)  Rest, Ice, elevation

b)  Ankle X-ray

79\. What is true about hurthle cell carcinoma

a)  A type of anaplastic tumor

b)  Treatment is total thyroidectomy

c)  Cluster of cells, has amyloid and collagen in between

d)  Diagnosed by FNA.

80\. Worst cardiac problem for pregnancy. (repeat)

a)  CoA

b)  Aortic regurgitation

c)  Tricuspid?

d)  Mitral stenosis? correct

81\. A middle-aged female had ovarian cancer that was removed. Her
menarche was at 17 y/o & she has been taking COCPs in between
pregnancies (for a total of 5 years). What increases her chances of
getting endometrial cancer?

a)  Medroxyprogesterone

b)  COCPs

c)  Theca cell tumor (unopposed estrogen)

d)  Menarche at 17

e)  Multiparity

82\. 3 years old brought by a maid due to sudden cough followed by
shortness of breath happened 30 mins ago. Has stridor, bilateral chest
expansion. Initial step?

a.  x-ray

b.  Oral and pharyngeal sweeping

c.  Back blows

d.  Direct Laryngoscopy its actually rigid bronchoscopy so this is
    > wroong

83\. Male nurse, Tremors and weakness. No thyroid felt on palpation. Has
low tsh, no radioiodine uptake. T4 was high.

a.  Factitious thyroiditis

b.  Subacute thyroiditis

c.  Graves

84\. Female has knee osteoarthritis. Takes paracetamol daily with
minimal help. While KEEPING her medications that she is already on (not
asking for an alternative be careful read the question well), what would
you recommend to add? She has comorbidities, one of them being heart
?failure

a.  intra articular steroids

b.  Knee replacement

c.  Tramadol

d.  Celecoxib

e.  Arthroscopic arthroplasty

85\. Patient developed chest pain 15 min after bronchoscopy without
sedation - performed with cocaine (intra-tracheal) and xylocaine (oral
spray). ECG showed evolving anterior MI. Next best step?

a)  Nitrates

b)  PCI

c)  Beta blockers

> **Nitrates**: While nitrates can help with reducing myocardial oxygen
> demand by causing vasodilation and relieving chest pain, they should
> **not be used in the setting of cocaine-induced MI**. Cocaine-induced
> MI often involves **coronary vasospasm**, and nitrates could
> potentially worsen **hypotension** by reducing preload, which could be
> dangerous in the acute setting.

86\. A patient presented to you due to tiredness by the end of the day,
bulbar weakness (literally says that), and a funny change in her voice.
What imaging will show you the abnormality in her?

-   CT scan

87\. Patient with diabetes presented with "deep pain" in his feet/legs
to the point where it keeps him up at night (sounded like diabetic
neuropathy). He has insomnia. What is the treatment for insomnia?

a.  lorazepam 0.5 mg before sleep

b.  

c.  Gbabapentin 100 mg x3 daily" preferred if with insomnia"

d.  Amitriptyline (answer)

e.  88\. married woman with a past history of irregular periods had
    > amenorrhea for 3 months. She has noted that she has hair loss and
    > been feeling weak, and gained weight. What investigation would you
    > like to order (NEXT STEP)?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  B-hcg p

b.  TSH

89\. A female has secondary amenorrhea. The doctor did a progesterone
challenge test and there was no withdrawal bleeding, estrogen and
progesterone challenge test resulted in withdrawal bleeding. The FSH and
LH were both 2 ?mIU/L. What could be the cause of her amenorrhea?

a.  Craniopharyngioma

b.  Asherman syndrome

c.  ovarian resistance syndrome

90\. A 28 year old woman was brought to the emergency by her friends
unconscious after they witnessed her seizing at a party for the very
first time for 15-30 minutes. She was shaking and seizing on the floor
all of a sudden. As per their history, the patient is not known to be on
any medications nor does she have any medical illnesses. What
investigation should you do/ next step?

a.  blood glucose

b.  ⁠alcohol

c.  anti-seizure medication level

d.  ⁠lactate

91\. What makes you ELIMINATE Pseudocyanosis vs cyanosis?

a)  Pseudocyanosis does not blanch on pressure

92\. A patient presented with vertigo (for hours) and nausea, not
brought on by changing positions. He does not have hearing loss. Had an
URTI 2 weeks ago. HINTS exam showed a positive head impulse,
unidirectional nystagmus and a negative test of skew. No hearing loss on
Rinne and Weber\'s test. Diagnosis?

a)  Vestibular neuritis

b)  BPPV

c)  Mernier's disease

d)  Labyrinthitis

93\. A patient had air conduction more than bone conduction bilaterally
on rinne's, left sided lateralization on webere's.

a)  Right vestibular schwannoma

94\. Volatile chemicals that cause lung cancer. How to reduce risk?
(repeat)

a)  Automate the process

b)  Work in a ventilated place

c)  Wear gloves and masks while handling chemicals

95\. A 4-week-old baby is brought by his mother due to vomiting after
eating. The vomitus is non-bilious and not associated with diarrhea. He
is eager to feed. On abdominal examination, there is an olive-like mass.
Diagnosis?

a)  Hypertrophic pyloric stenosis

b)  Intussusception

c)  Hirschsprung disease

A female presented with palpitations. TSH LOW, t3/t4 ELEVATED.
