**⚠️ Do not take any of the answers in this document as definitive and
final. Do your search and double check and feel free to leave comments
and discuss potential correct answers. ⚠️**

## **Biostatistics**

> 1,000 women painting radium dials + 1,000 women doing something else.
> 20 women painting radium dials had bone cancer and 4 (or 5) women from
> the other group also had bone cancer. What type of study is this?
>
> **a. Cohort**
>
> b\. Cross sectional
>
> c\. Experimental
>
> You have read about a RCT and want to assess the effect of cardiac
> issues or something and their association with renal issues. Which one
> is the most optimal way?
>
> **a. Metanalysis of RCTs**
>
> b\. RCT
>
> c\. Other options?
>
> Omega 3 and high cholesterol. Cohort study comparing two groups one
> took omega 3 other didn't checked them in 5 years what type of study.
> **Cohort**. Cross sectional.
>
> Which of the following bias is most feared in case-control studies?

-   **Recall bias**

-   Attrition bias

-   Observation bias

-   Hawthorne effect

-   Selection bias

## **Cardiology**

**heart failure patient, which drug reduces mortality?**

**- Digoxin**

**- Furosemide**

**- Verapamil**

**- Valsartan/ sacubitril \*\***

least factor contributing to heart disease?

\- Uric acid

\- Triglycerides

Which med does not cause hyperlipidemia? **ACEi**

## **Emergency**

## **Endocrine**

Kk

(Repeat question) Lady known case of hypothyroidism on 0.5mg thyroxine
recently became pregnant, since then her hypothyroidism symptoms have
worsened, labs showing low t3/t4 and elevated tsh, what is the next
step?

**a. Increase thyroxine to 0.75 mg**

b\. US

c\. FNA

d\. Other options??

Woman presenting with typical signs of DKA (had increase thirst and
polyuria for 1 week prior) (abdominal pain, Kussmaul breathing,
confusion, fruity odor), BP 70/40, next step?

a\. Open wide bore normal saline

b\. Bicarbonate + Normal saline

c\. Insulin

A patient has exophthalmos, fine tremors, anxiety, palpitations, and
weight loss. Her menstrual cycle used to last for 5 days but now only
lasts for 1. Diagnosis?

A. Grave's disease

B. Hashimoto'sdisease

C. Hyperthyroidism

D. Thyroidcancer

E. Toxic nodular goiter

A female patient is euthyroid but has a thyroid nodule on the right
lobe, with Bethesda

category III on fine-needle aspiration (FNA).

Which of the following is the best next step in management?
---\>Diagnostic hemithyroidectomy

Other options were: total thyroidectomy, partial lobectomy

> **Ethics**

**Patient suffering fracture of his cervical two and cervical three
vertebrae due to an accident while skiing that he became quadriplegic;
and now he is paralyzed below neck. He made his advance directive that
clearly states that he no longer wanted to live a life of persistent
vegetative state and so he wants physician assisted suicide. His family
is against his decision and wanted to make him live that way and hope
for further research in stem cells and genomics will find cure for his
quadriplegic state. Ethical consideration in decision making for that
movie star will include:** **it**

**a. An integrated model: coherence theory**

**b. Bottom up models: cases and inductive generalization. c. Four
quadrant approach: Aristotle virtue theory**

**d. Principlism and common morality theory**

**e. Top- down models: theory and application**

## **Family Medicine**

## 

## Group of people are creating a screening test, what's a good screening test?

## Early detection will reduce mortality and morbidity

## **Genetics**

A 28 y/o man presented with xanthomas all over his hands and body. His
father died at the age of 51 due to a myocardial infarction.
Investigations showed an abnormal lipid profile (LDL = 400; TGs = 200;
HDL = 45). His father has CAD. Diagnosis?

**a. Familial hypercholesterolemia**

**b. Familial combined hyperlipidemia**

c\. Type IV dyslipidemia

Immunodeficiency associated with no tonsillar tissue, IgG, IgA, IgM and
B cells absent. and repeated infection by encapsulated bacteria:

\- Chronic granulomatous disease

\- SCID

\- CVID

**- X linked agammaglobulinemia**

Colon with lots of polyps image; which gene? **APC**

Tall women with HTN and abdominal bruits, dx? Marfan, Ehler Danlos**,**

## 

A middle-aged man (I think) man with joint pain, tenderness, hotness and
swelling of the small joints. Now he is unable to do golf. He is
hypertensive and taking hydrochlorothiazide. Labs also showed mild
elevation of ALP. He also has fatigue, erectile dysfunction, and
diabetes? What investigation you will do to diagnose?

a\. Joint aspiration with light polarised

b\. Vitamin D and parathyroid hormone level

c\. Serum iron, ferritin, TIBC

Pregnant Rh-ve, G2P1. Her delivery was complicated and she lost 3500ml
of blood during delivery. Baby is Rh+ve. What will you do:

a.  Anti d titre

b.  **Kleihaur test**

c.  ?1500 anti d

d.  ?3000 anti d

A patient has hepatosplenomegaly, night sweats, and weight loss. Labs
show anemia & thrombocytopenia. His blood film showed immature
granulocytes in different stages of maturation. He also has low ALP
levels. Diagnosis?

**A. CML**

B. CLL

C. Leukemoidreaction

D. ALL

## **Infectious**

A man had a meal made of meat, potatoes, and green beans. Over the next
**3 hours**, he had watery diarrhea. He improved with fluids and was
able to return to work after 24 hours. What is the causative organism?

a\. Clostridium difficile

b\. Clostridium perfringens

c\. Staphylococcus aureus

Mode of transmission of measles

A.  Direct contact

B.  Skin

C.  **Airway**

Patient with enlarged LNs, biopsy was done and showed necrotizing
granuloma but no mycobacterium what can you conclude

a\. Mycobacterium excluded

**b. Can't exclude mycobacterium: needs more tests\***

\[repeated, road to EMREE\] A patient is having middle thigh erythema,
crepitus upon palpation, etc. (going with necrotising fascitis and/or
gas gangrene I believe). What is the most likely cause?

a\. Infection with Clostridium welchii (perfringens was not mentioned,
but it seems that both are the same thing) \* (maybe this is the answer)

b\. Infection with Staphylococcus aureus

c\. Cellulitis with Streptococcus pyogenes

d\. Other options?

A patient, had ?vesicular rash on his back for the past 5 days, itchy,
in dermatological distribution. Management?

a\. Acyclovir

b\. **Mupirocin Cream**

c\. Antibiotic

d\. Paracetamol

A boy had itchy lesions on his hands (between the webs) and on extensor
surfaces, trunk, and neck that worsened at night. His sister had the
same complaint. On examination, he had tracks under his skin. How do you
treat them?

A. Steriod

B. Antibiotic lotion

C. Permethrin1%cream(scabies)

A question about some type of rash with all of the tricophytons as
options, don't remember the question!

Tricophyton Rubrum - athelets foot

Tricophyton Mentagrophytes - ?armpits

Tricophyton Violaceum - ?corporis

One more Tricophyton

## **Nephrology & Renal**

(Repeat question) Patient with hyperkalemia, which drug should be
avoided?

a\. Loop

b\. Thiazide

**c. Spironolactone**

## A man who has had an AV fistula graft been using it for 1 year with good waste removal, recently he noticed that it has been more quiet than usual, physical examination showed no palpable or audible thrill on the graft, left arm was swollen, not erythematous, whats the cause?

## a. Steal syndrome

## b. Graft thrombosis

## c. Graft stenosis

## A patient had a 3x4cm stone. Management?

a\. Percutaneous lithoto54my

b\. extracorporeal shock w++8\*1

520

ave lithotripsy

c\. Others

A 45-year-old man presents with recurrent urinary tract infections and
flank pain.

Imaging reveals a 3 × 2 cm staghorn calculus located in the renal calyx.
Which of the

following is the most appropriate management?

\(A\) Percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL)\*

\(B\) Percutaneous nephrostomy

\(C\) Pyelolithotomy

\(D\) Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy (ESWL)

## **Urology**

## **A 65-year-old man came complaining of dribbling and other urinary symptoms. On DRE, he had a moderately enlarged firm prostate. PSA was 7.8 initially and 7.9 after 4 weeks.**

## **Curious to know why PSA is high, what is the next step?**

## **a. Alpha-blocker & follow up PSA**

## **b. 5-alpha-reductase & follow up PSA**

## **c. TURP**

## d. Transrectal biopsy with antibiotic coverage

## **e. Transurethral biopsy with antibiotic coverage**

## **Old patient who is on multiple heart medications like CCB amlodipine, ACEi, has been having fainting episodes without ictal symptoms, recently started on tamsulosin by urology for BPH**

## a. Orthostatic hypotension

## **b. Seizure?**

## **c. Heart block**

## **Lady is woken up from sleep with sudden urge to pee, isn't able to make it out of bed before have incontinence, what type?**

1.  ## **Stress incontinence** 

2.  ## **Urge incontinence** 

3.  ## Mixed incontinence

4.  ## **Overflow incontinence** {i think it is this one because there was no option for mixed in the question and it mentioned it only happened at night (in the question) when she felt the urge}

##  

## **Neurology & ENT**

A young man (in his 20s or 30s) had a road traffic accident with his
friend who was driving I think. The accident took place a week ago.
Since the accident, he started to have abnormal behaviour and hi
difficulty concentrating at work? He does not know what happened to his
friend after the accident. Initial CT scan was normal (I think they
meant initial CT scan after the road traffic accident). What is the most
likely diagnosis?

**a. Concussion**

b\. Subdural haematoma

c\. Epidural haematoma

d\. Depression

e\. One more option

Parkinson medication works in?

A.  Substantia nigra reticularis

B.  **Substantia nigra compacta**

Ptosis and diplopia, edrophonium test positive, best next step? (Not
sure of the options)

**Pyridostigmine**

Prednisone

Thymectomy

Weakness in radiobrachialis, loss sensation of first three finger, loss
of brachial reflex, weakness in brachioradialis, biceps and one more
muscle.

1.  **C6 radiculopathy**

2.  C8 radiculopathy

3.  Thoracic radiculopathy

4.  Spinal cord lesion

## **Ortho**

## FOOSH then cant dorsiflex wrist, which nerve is damages? Radial

Showed 2 X-ray: Thigh and lower leg (One of the X-rays similar to the
one below). Showing ?some subcutaneous gas (Possibly gas gangrene) In
the lower Limbs up to mid thigh. I think didn't mention typical
compartment syndrome symptoms.

1.  

![](vertopal_5dd53354a0e44806827d3193e6f7229a/media/image1.png){width="3.1411045494313212in"
height="4.521472003499563in"}\`

Management?

2.  Below knee amputation

3.  Above knee amputation

4.  Fasciotomy

5.  Symes amputation

6.  

Bicep/brachoradialos reflex absent all other reflexes normal, question
mentioned addition information about motor and sensory findings that I
can't remember, which nerve affected?

1.  C1

2.  C6

3.  T1

4.  One more

## **OBGYN**

## the most common cause of death in epithelial ovarian cancer:

## a. Intra-abdominal bleeding

## b. Pulmonary embolismd

## c. Renal failure

## d. Liver failure

## **e. Intestinal obstruction**

## Lady with amenorrhea for 8 weeks, presented with RLQ pain and other signs, Hcg was 1200, ultrasound showed 3 cm right adnexal mass, she was stable.

## a. Repeat B-hcg after 48 hours 

## **b. Methotrexate**

c\. Expectant management

## Women diagnosed with endometriosis, she is trying to conceive. What is the best for conceiving for her?

## a. Ablation of endometriosis 

## b. Adoption

## c. IVF

## 

## 

## 

Pregnant lady third trimester with giardiasis infection. Management ?

A.  Paromomycin

B.  Metronidazole

Bicep/brachoradialos reflex absent all other reflexes normal, question
mentioned addition information about motor and sensory findings that I
can't remember, which nerve affected?

5.  C1s

6.  C6

7.  T1

8.  One more

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  
2.  
3.  
4.  

Baby is station 2+ and left occiput-transverse, which forcep to use?

1.  Kielland forceps,

2.  Simpson forceps,

3.  vacuum

A girl with irregular period, acne, hirsutism in upper lips and inner
thigh and abdomen.

\- LSH FSH PROLACTIN TESTOSTERONE

\- DEXAMETHASONE SUPPRESSION TEST

Pregnant lady at 28 weeks reported feeling less baby movements, he was
kicking around 2 times in the last 24 hours all tests until now are
normal, fetal heart rate was reassuring, more details?

-   **CTG**

-   Biophysical profile

-   Doppler

Clear scenario of a women with gestational hypertension at 28 weeks (2
reading of BP 15 mins apart were around 150/90 mmHg approx) . She had
proteinuria. No previous history of hypertension before pregnancy or in
early pregnancy. both parents & grandparents have HTN. Asking for the
reason of this hypertension:

-   overactivation of RAAS

-   Placental Ischemia

-   Essential hypertension

-   Renal artery stenosis

Which of the following is true about emergency contraception?

a\. Terminates pregnancy by preventing implantation or something

B. If taken well the efficacy is 90-100%

C. Not contraindicated unless there is a hypersensitivity reaction or
allergic reaction to a component of the pill

d\. Only effective first 48 hours

Pregnant lady at 28 weeks reported feeling less baby movements, he was
kicking around 2 times in the last 24 hours all tests until now are
normal, fetal heart rate was reassuring, more details?

-   CTG

-   Biophysical profile

-   Doppler

A lady in labor got an epidural (lignocaine) after which she developed
hypotension (70/50

mmHg). What will you NOT do?

A. Displace the uterus to the left side

B. IV fluids

C. Trendelenburg position 10 degrees

D. Titrated phenylephrine

.what is the best initial test for ovulation induction in PCOS?

---\> clomiphene citrate

Pregnant women. We check her baby. Head is according to gestation age
but not abdomen or femur. Baby is Rh - and Antibody titer is 1:260 or
whatever. A case of asymmetric intrauterine growth restriction. Why?

1.  Placental insufficiency - smoking

2.  Anti-Rh

## **Ophthalmology**

## **72 year-old patient with comorbidities such as hypertension**

## **hyperlipidaemia and diabetes and is on medications presented with blurry vision for the**

## **past two days a year ago she had some laser surgery that she tells you literally tells you**

## **laser surgery at the ophthalmology clinic for her diabetes something like that.** fundoscopy picture was attached and there were multiple drusens**?** 

## **Age related macular degeneration**

## 

## Which of the following is not a feature of diabetic neuropathy?

## a. A-V nipping

What is not seen in HTN retinopathy (plic of HTN retinopathy shown)?

A.  Drusen

## 

## **Pediatrics**

(Repeat question) There was a child who was presenting in respiratory
distress and g features of heart failure (?hepatomegaly, S3), also had a
concomitant/preceding viral infection??, what is the most likely
diagnosis?

a\. Rheumatic fever

b\. kawasaki

**c. Viral myocarditis**

A 4-day-old neonate has abdominal distension and passed meconium 1 day
before presentation. He did not pass any stool after the meconium. X-ray
shows small and large bowel loops. Diagnosis?

**a. Hirschsprung disease**

b\. Small bowel malrotation

c\. Small bowel volvulus

A child has salt-losing adrenal hyperplasia & ambiguous genitalia. What
test is done to confirm the diagnosis?

a\. Testosterone

b\. Estrogen

**c. 17-hydroxyprogesterone**

A child was diagnosed iron deficiency anemia & was prescribed iron
supplements 1.5 months ago. His hemoglobin is now normal. What advice do
you give him?

a\. Stop iron intake and repeat hemoglobin after 2 weeks

c\. Continue iron intake till 3 months

d\. Measure TIBC and base further management on the value

e\. Continue iron till MCV is normal

**\[repeated\] A 9 m/o child is dehydrated. He is 9kg and his
dehydration is estimated as 10%. He did not pass urine for the past 12
hours. How much fluid do you give him?**

**a. 10 mL/kg NaCl**

**b. 20 mL/kg NaCl bolus \***

**c. 5% dextrose 30 mL/kg**

**Wd. 10% dextrose 20 mL/kg in**

**A 4-week-old baby was brought in with vomiting for 2 days and fever of
38.9 C. His BP was 80/58 mmHg. O/E there was no clear source of
infection. Next step?**

**a. LP + blood culture + urine culture + start IV antibiotics \*
(probably this)**

**b. LP + blood culture + urine culture if WBC \> 16,000**

**c. Start him on oral antibiotics**

**d. Rehydration and observation**

**e. One more option**

child has salt-losing adrenal hyperplasia & ambiguous genitalia. What
test is done to confirm the diagnosis?

a\. Testosterone

b\. Estrogen

**c. 17-hydroxyprogesterone**

**A child presenting with a cough and "walking pneumonia" scenario, you
are surprised to hear crackles and CXR attached that showed bilateral
opacities. Best treatment?**

**a. Vancomycin**

**b. Azithromycin \***

**c. Doxycycline**

**1 year old uses 3 words and cannot sit unsupported. What do you tell
parents?**

**- Abnormal motor development needs immediate assessmet**

**18 months, developmental question, only 3 words and can folllow simple
commands?**

A.  **Refer to speech therapy**

B.  **Reassure and follow up in 3 months**

**Baby with olive mass? Pyloric stenosis**

**4 yo never been to checkups, previously 50th centile for both weight
and height, now weight 15th or 25th percentile and height \< 5th
percentile, cause? GH def., parental neglect**

**Kid with recurrent tonsilitis, impaired speech, bilateral enlarge
tonsils,** **cervical lymphadenopathy** **which one of these is an
indication for tonsillectomy?**

## **Psychiatry**

(Repeat question) 16 year old boy recently became more withdrawn even
with family. He skips school and his

grades are dropping. On interviewing him, you notice that he is
withdrawn and apathetic.

a\. Conduct disorder

b\. Schizophrenia Schizoid!

c\. Depression

Lady presented with symptoms of depression that met the criteria, PHQ-9
showed score of 16 which is moderate depression (was written like this),
whats the initial management?

a\. Cognitive behavioral psychotherapy

**b. Begin SSRI**

Old lady bad mood, snappy, forgetful, now thinking ppl wanna harm her,
she has hallucinations at night but knows they're not real, she was
brought by her daughter, this has been happening since 6 months to 1
year back, examination showed difficulty drawing some shape and
inability to recall words backwards, diagnosis?

a\. Alzheimer's disease

b\. Lewy body dementia (will have parkinson like symptoms)

c\. Schizophrenia

d\. Schizoid personality

e\. One more option (should be vascular dementia?) due to symptoms
beginning at an exact time

Schizophrenia inheritance mode?

a\. Monozygotic twin has chance of 10%

b\. Dizygotic twins has chance of 1%

c\. polygenic

d\. Will have 50-40% if one of the parents are affected

What tests to look out for with lithium therapy?

\- Lft

\- Rft

Someone with borderline personality symptoms, unstable relationships,
low self esteem, history of self harm and suicidal ideation, which
medication would worsen her sx? SSRI, Mood stabilizers, MOAi, benzo

## **Respiratory**

## Repeat( question) Patient, know case of asthma, presented to the emergency with cough, shortness of breath, wheezing, which of the following would be an indication to admit the patient?

## **a. Inability to complete sentences**

## b. Other options??

\[repeated, road to EMREE\] You are prescribing isoniazid to treat a
patient with TB. He is having peripheral neuropathy. Which vitamin
should you supplement him with?

a\. Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) \*

A

Old man with pneumonia, reason for admission?

A.  **age \> 65,**

B.  fever 38.8C,

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
C.  High WBC count

Car mechanic came with headache, confusion, normal pulse oximetry, they
attached ABG which showed elevated carbon monoxide hemoglobin (value
were written with normal values next to it), next step:

**a. High flow oxygen**

b\. IV fluids

Asthma case with peak expiratory volume 30%. Best next step? (Can't
remember the details and not sure about the answer)

IV magnesium sulfate

Other options

Another asthma question: medication to add for uncontrolled asthma
already taking salbutamol and budesonide (i think)

A. Ipratropium bromide

B. Montelukast

C. **Salmeterol**

## **Rheumatology**

## Lady with change in behaviour, ANA, dsDNA, and anti-Sm positive, recent aspirin use, cause? Cerebritis

## 

-median nerve compression (loss of sensation in thumb, ind

ex, middle finger ). What is the diagnosis?

Carpal tunnel syndrome

## **General Surgery & Gastroenterology**

Patient swallowed corrosive bleach, what investigation to do to
determine extent of mucosal injury and necrosis?

**a. Endoscopy**

b\. Indirect laryngoscopy

c\. MRI

d\. CT

Which of the following will make patient with ulcerative colitis have
more risk todevelop colon cancer?

a\. Involvement of rectum

**b. Severity of colitis**

c\. Total colonic involvement

Note: histology was not an option like in the previous

How to screen for hepatocellular carcinoma?

**a. U/S every 6 months**

b\. Alpha fetoprotein every 6 months

c\. CT every year

Patient who came fron india, was having some GI symptoms, USS show
hypoechogenic mass, what to do next : **entamoeba histolytica
serology**, ct scan

Frail 74 year old lady with incomplete obstruction found at rectosigmoid
junction with liver

metastasis, what to do?

A.  **Stenting with colonoscopy,**

B.  transverse colostomy before doing definitive surgery,

C.  urgent laparotomy with hartmann procedure,

D.  urgent APR.

Chronic venous insufficiency with leg swelling, redness, warmth and
fever, ulcer present?

**Cellulitis**

Another Chronic venous insufficiency case, ulcer present, no other sx,
what to do?

A.  **Compression bandage and leg elevation**

B.  Other options??

A patient presents with fever & diarrhea 10 days post-appendectomy for
suppurative appendicitis. Cause?

A. Pelvic abscess

B. Enterocolitis

C. Ruptured appendiceal stump abscess

D. Entericfistula

Free air in the abdomen, BP might have been low. Management? **Emergency
laparotomy**

patient with abnormal function renal tests . Trace protein was detected
. What is the disease ?

Options were ? AA amyloidosis , **Multiple myeloma, membranous
nephropathy.**

Answer : multiple myeoloma

Diabetic patient status post CABG 5 years ago presenting with abdominal
pain and hematochezia. In colonoscopy, dusky-looking splenic flexure
with non-bleeding ulcer is seen. CT scan shows hypodense areas at
splenic flexure. Management?

1.  Angioembolization

2.  **Expectant management**

3.  Exploratory laparotomy with opening the inferior mesenteric artery

4.  Emergent laparotomy with colonic resection

## **Others / Misc**

(Repeat question) A lady 4 hours after gastrectomy develops oozing from
the venipuncture sites and purpura, which of the following is the
underlying cause from the oozing?

**a. Low platelets**

b\. Low antifibrinolytic factor

Patient presented with signs of opiate withdrawal (sneezing,
lacrimation, etc)

**a. Opiate dependance**

b\. Alcohol dependance

Repeat scenario: 16 year old stayed at friends house, parents concerned,
acting 'odd', anxious tachycardic, dilated pupils, perspiring?

Amphetamine

Opioid

Cannabis

Alcohol

Alcohol withdrawal question: **thiamine**

A 55 years old lady comes for a regular health checkup, she is a smoker
for many years 20 pack year history but left it 5 years ago so which
screening test is appropriate for her?

a.Low dose Ct Scan\*

b.Chest Xray for lung cancer

c.Abdominal Ultrasound

d.Some 2 other options
