**==** **⚠️ Do not take any of the answers in this document as
definitive and final. Do your search and double check and feel free to
leave comments and discuss potential correct answers. ⚠️**

**The time was enough overall**

**If you don't know an answer, flag the question, choose anything then
come back to it.**

## **Biostatistics**

**(repeat)They looked at** **1,000 women painting radium dials** **and
followed them** **1945 until 1975 and they compared them to** **1,000
women doing something else** **in 1945.20 women painting radium dials
had bone cancer and 4 (or 5) women from the other group also had bone
cancer. What type of study is this?** **Note: for the second group of
women "doing something else" , they did not say that they followed them
up throughout the years idk why, which is weird because in a prospective
cohort you follow people across a number of years.**

**a. Cohort**

**b. Cross sectional**

**c. Experimental**

Case control

**(repeat) A study was conducted to assess the correlation between
chewing tobacco and the incidence of myocardial infarctions. The odds
ratio was found to be 1.14 with a confidence interval of 0.8-2.3. How do
you interpret these results?**

**A. Null hypothesis cannot be rectified**

**B. Chewing tobacco causes MI**

**C. P-value is required for interpretation**

**D. T-test is recommended for interpretation**

**Another cohort study question**

## **Cardiology**

**(repeat)** **Which medication doesn't cause hyperlipidemia**

A.  **ACE inhibitor**

B.  **Beta blockers**

C.  **I think contraceptive pills was an option**

**(repeat) What is associated with** **chromosomal abnormality?**

A.  **AVSD**

B.  **Polydactyl**

**A lady** **in her 60's (maybe 60 yo)** **has come for a preoperative
evaluation for a rotator cuff tear. She gets angina chest pain within 30
minutes of walking** **(i think it was that the pain lasts 30 minutes)**
**which gets relieved on resting. This symptom has been stable for 2
years.(they didnt say "angina" in the stem** **She had gotten (some test
can\'t recall exactly** **- cardiac nuclear imaging and cardiac stress
test). I think it was nuclear stress test** **18 months ago which showed
she had** **inferior** reversibility. At that time, her ejection
fraction was 61% **. She was then** **managed medically (the stem said
managed medically)** **and now she is** **well..**

**Furthermore she doesn\'t have any murmurs on ascultation.** **She
denied leg swelling and some other symptoms. She was aspirin, lisnopril,
beta blockers, and maybe others.**

**In addition to her continuing statins which of the following (if any)
will you recommend her prior to her surgery.**

A.  **Echocardiograpy**

B.  **Cardiac catheterization** **+ PCI**

C.  **Nothing more, send her for surgery**

D.  Nuclear stress testing

**(Amboss) A 25-year-old primigravid woman at 12 weeks' gestation comes
to the emergency department because of a 3-day history of palpitations
and lightheadedness. Her pregnancy had been uncomplicated. She has
mitral stenosis due to rheumatic heart disease. The patient immigrated
from Sudan 11 months ago. Her only medication is a daily multivitamin.
Temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 132/min and irregular,
respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 115/68 mm Hg. On cardiac
examination, a grade 2/6 rumbling mid-diastolic murmur is heard best at
the apex; no other abnormalities are noted. Results of complete blood
count, serum chemistry profile, and thyroid function tests are within
the reference ranges. An ECG is shown. Treatment with low molecular
weight heparin is initiated. Which of the following is the most
appropriate next step in management?**

**The ECG showed irregularly irregular tachycardia (A fib)**

A.  **Administer adenosine**

B.  **Perform 24 hour ECG**

C.  **Perform TEE**

D.  **Electrical cardioversion**

E.  **Switch to warfarin**

F.  **Initiate pharmacological cardioversion**

**(Amboss)A 55-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up
examination. For the past 6 months, he has had fatigue, headaches, and
several episodes of dizziness. Three months ago, he was diagnosed with
hypertension and started on medications. Since the diagnosis was made,
his medications have been adjusted several times because of persistently
high blood pressure readings. He also has hypercholesterolemia and
peripheral arterial disease. He smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for
34 years but quit two months ago. His current medications include
aspirin, atorvastatin, losartan, felodipine, and hydrochlorothiazide. He
is 188 cm (6 ft 2 in) tall and weighs 109 kg (240 lb); BMI is 31 kg/m2.
His pulse is 82/min and blood pressure is 158/98 mm Hg. Physical
examination shows bilateral carotid bruits and normal heart sounds.
Serum potassium concentration is 3.2 mEq/L, plasma renin activity is 4.5
ng/mL/h (N = 0.3--4.2 ng/mL/h), and serum creatinine concentration is
1.5 mg/dL. Further evaluation of this patient is most likely to show
which of the following findings?**

A.  **Unilateral kidney atrophy**

B.  **Unilateral adrenal mass**

C.  **Unilateral parathyroid mass**

D.  **Bilateral kidney enlargement**

E.  **Pituitary Mass**

F.  **Diffuse thyroid enlargement**

## **Emergency**

## **Endocrine** 

(repeat) Woman presenting with typical signs of DKA (had increase thirst
and polyuria for 1 week prior) (abdominal pain, Kussmaul breathing,
confusion, fruity odor), BP 70/40, next step?

a\. Open wide bore normal saline

b\. Bicarbonate + Normal saline

c\. Insulin

> **Ethics**

Man wants to make a new COVID - 19 vaccine . He decied to inject
himself**Self injecting COVID vaccine. Which principle?**

A.  **Beneficience and virtue principle**

**Child with high suspecion of bacterial meningitis, parents refusing
treatment and wanting to get the sheikh.**

A.  **Physician has the right to involve legal team if the parents
    > refuse treatment**

Let them get in the religious person before doing the medical
treatement/procedure (something in the lines of getting the religious
person to do what he does before medical people do their treatement)

## **Family Medicine**

**An (86) year old man presents with weakness, malaise, weight loss. He
is diagnosed to have sarcopenia. he is unable to completely make a**
**hand** **grip.His albumin levels are slightly low. Which of the
following will you give for him.** **The question said "no GI
symptoms"**

A.  **IV** **Cyanocobalamin**

B.  

C.  **Steroids**

D.  **Nutritional supplementation**

E.  Refer to physiotherapy (i hink this was an option)

**A** **50-year-old** **man presents to the clinic for a wellness
checkup. He does not have hypertension. His** **LDL was** **only
elevated** **(160 mg/dL),** **and BP was 130 or 135 over 80's if i
remember correctly** **which** **of the following will you recommend for
him?**

A.  **Lifestyle modification**

B.  **Statins**

C.  Refer to cardiology

**Screening tool for colorectal cancer.** **What should be the group
that is targeted first?**

A.  **40 to 49 year old adults with positive family history**

B.  **70 to 79 year old adults with positive family history**

**30 to 39 year old adults with no family history**

## **Genetics**

## **Hematology** **we**

## **Infectious**

**(repeat) A man had a meal made of meat, potatoes, and green beans.
Over the next 3 hours, he had watery diarrhea. He improved with fluids
and was able to return to work after 24 hours. What is the causative
organism?**

**A. Clostridium difficile**

**B. Clostridium** **perfringens**

**C. Staphylococcus aureus**

**D. Yersinia enterocolitica**

A patient presenting with diarrhea 6-8 hours after eating a
cream-cheese-filled meal. What is the causative organism?

A.  Staphylococcus aureus

(repeat) H. pylori infection question asking about the gram stain of the
bacteria. They did not say H.pylori in the question, the stem described
a scenario that pointed towards H.pylori

A.  Gram-negative rod

B.  Gram-positive rod

C.  Gram-positive cocci

> Gram-negative cocci

## **Nephrology & Renal**

## (repeat) A patient presented with a purpuric rash. He has no previous history of URTI or abdominal pain. On examination, he has palpable purpura. Investigations revealed low complement (C3 & C4). He is hepatitis C positive. Hepatitis B is negative. What is the most likely diagnosis? The hepatitis results were in a table rather than the stem

## A. IgA nephropathy

## B. Membranous nephropathy

## C. Membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis

## D. Mixed cryoglobulinemi

## 

## **Urology**

##  

## **Neurology & ENT**

**A with epidural hematoma measuring 5 mm and GCS 13/15. No symptoms of
raised ICP. Management?**

A.  **Admit under ICU**

B.  **Intubate and ventilate**

C.  **Neuro-observation**

D.  **craniectomy**

E.  Repeat CT after 6 hours

**A patient with** **sinus** **cerebral venous thrombosis started on
heparin. The next day developed raised ICP** **and was deteriorating I
think. Next step?**

A.  **Endovascular thrombolysis**

B.  **IV heparin**

**25-year-old female with tinnitus and hearing loss, on examination
there was a bulging** **erythematous** **tymanic membrane. Management?**

A.  **Antibiotics**

B.  **Aural toileting**

C.  **Myringectomy**

D.  **Hearing Aids**

**Patient with vertigo, Rinne test normal in both ears, Weber test
lateralization to the left. Diagnosis?** **They did not say Rinne test
in the stem , but rather that air conduction was more than bone on both
sides , and did not say "Weber test" in the exam but rather, they said
hen a fork was used on the patient's forehead, he/she reported that they
only hear the sound from the left side.**

**A. Left vestibular schwannoma**

**B. Presbycusis**

**C. Left sided otosclerosis**

**D. Right sided otosclerosis**

**E. Right vestibular schwannoma**

A.  

## **Ortho**

**A patient fell on an outstretched arm. Now, he cannot extend his wrist
and has weak dorsiflexion. He also has sensory loss over the dorsum of
the thumb, loss of opposition. Which nerve is affected?**

A.  **Radial nerve**

B.  **Ulnar nerve**

C.  **Median nerve**

**Weakness in radiobrachialis, loss sensation of first three fingers,
loss of brachial reflex, weakness in brachioradialis, biceps, and one
more muscle.**

A.  **C6 radiculopathy**

B.  **C8 radiculopathy**

C.  **Thoracic radiculopathy**

**Patient with low back pain,and one episode of urinary incontinence**
**and numbness somewhere. Next step?**

A.  **Refer to physiotherapy**

B.  **NSAIDs and discharge**

C.  **Surgery**

D.  **Steroids**

## **OBGYN**

## **A patient at 8 weeks gestation presented to an ante-natal clinic for routine tests. BP 110/70 mmHg and urine dipstick +1 proteinuria. She has no symptoms. Next step?** 

A.  **Refer to nephrology**

B.  **Reassure and re-check at the next visit**

C.  **Repeat** **24-hour urine protein** **now**

**(repeat) A** is

\*\*note: for the question above, the actual exam did not say what is
the reason for this discrepancy, it was something closer to what is the
diagnosis/ reason if remember correclty.

**A pregnant patient presented at 37 weeks gestation (according to her
LMP)** **but she does not remember her own LMP. Her** **first antenatal
visit was at 16 weeks gestation** **and had regular scans from that date
onwards. What the the most accurate measure to use for fetal gestational
age calculation?**

A.  **Head circumference at 16 weeks**

B.  **Abdominal circumference at 28 weeks**

C.  **Biparietal diameter between 20 and 24 weeks**

D.  **Biparietal diameter at 24 weeks**

E.  Biparietal diameter before 20 weeks?

**30- 30-year-old female G7P0A6, presented to the clinic because she is
worried that her baby has Down Syndrome. US shows nuchal translucency of
5.2 mm. A triple marker screen showed high aFP, high estradiol, and low
b-hCG. Which of the following will make you?**

**proceed to amniocentesis?**

**A. Alcohol**

**B. Smoking**

**C. Nuchal translucency**

**D. Triple marker screen**

**E. Multiple abortions**

**F. Mother's age**

**What is the most common case of death in epithelial ovarian cancer?**

A.  **Intra-abdominal bleeding**

B.  **Pulmonary embolism**

C.  **Renal failure**

D.  **Intestinal obstruction**

**A pregnant lady was 38 weeks of gestation. She was given diazepam 5mg
last night and received indomethacin 37 mg today. CTG afterwards showed
an FHR of 190 bpm & reactive. Afterwards, she received IV magnesium
sulfate and IM pethidine which further decreased the FHR to 150 bpm.
Which drug does not (or is the least likely) to decrease the**
**variability** **?**

**A. Pethidine**

**B. Diazepam**

**C. Magnesium sulfate**

**D. Indomethacin**

## 

## **Ophthalmology**

**The** **Diabetic** **patient** **presents with blurry vision. he is
diabetic. On fundoscopy dot and blot hemorrhage is seen. He states that
he doesn\'t see any floaters etc.** **What could be the cause:**

A.  **Retinal Detachment**

B.  **CRVO**

C.  **[Macular Edema]{.underline}**

## 

**A patient presenting with blurry vision and eye pain**

**. Examination showed increased intraocular pressure. Management?**

A.  **Acetazolamide**

B.  **Timolol drops**

C.  **Chloramphenicol**

**What is not seen in HTN retinopathy?**

A.  **Cotton wool spots**

B.  **Microaneurysms**

C.  **Drusen**

## **Av nipping** 

## **Pediatrics**

**(repeat) 9 m/o child is dehydrated. He is 9kg and his dehydration is
estimated as 10%. He did**

**not pass urine for the past 12 hours. How much fluid do you give
him?**

**A. 10 mL/kg NaCl**

**B. 20 mL/kg NaCl bolus**

**C. 5% dextrose 30 mL/kg**

**D. 10% dextrose 20 mL/kg**

**(repeat) A 9 y/o girl came with pain over the tibia & fever. She & her
2 sisters are anemic & have a hematological disease. On examination, she
is febrile and has tenderness over the superior edge of the tibia.
Diagnosis?**

**A. Septic arthritis**

**B. Rheumatoid arthritis**

**C. Osteomyelitis**

**D. Gout**

**A 4-week-old baby is brought by his mother due to vomiting after
eating. The vomitus is non-bilious and not associated with diarrhea. He
is eager to feed. On abdominal examination there is an olive-shaped
mass. Diagnosis?**

A.  **Hypertrophic pyloric stenosis**

B.  **Intussusception**

**A 4-week-old baby was brought in with vomiting for 2 days and a fever
of 38.9 degrees, his BP was 80/85 mmHg. On examination, there was no
clear source of infection.** **The child was dehydrated.** **What\'s the
next step?**

A.  **LP, BC, UC, start IV antibiotics**

B.  **LP, BC, UC if WBC \> 16,000**

C.  **Start him on oral antibiotics**

D.  **Rehydration and observation**

**Child with streptococcal pharyngitis. Management?**

A.  **Penicillin**

**A child with acute otitis media. Mangement?**

A.  **Amoxicillin for 7 days**

B.  **Azithromycin**

**Child with ABG showing pH 7.1, pO2 45 pCO2 90, and BE -3.
Interpretation?**

A.  **Hypoxia with respiratory acidosis**

B.  **Hypoxia with metabolic alkalosis**

C.  **Respiratory alkalosis**

**Breast-fed infant with jaundice,** **poor feeding, lethargic,**
**temperature 35.8 degrees. Diagnosis?**

A.  **Hemolytic jaundice**

B.  **Sepsis**

C.  **Breast milk fever**

D.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  **A** **2-year-old** **child presents with diarrhea and failure to
    > thrive. He has elevated fecal** **calprotectin. What will you do
    > for** **follow-up**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  **Stool culture for analysis**

B.  **Start gluten-free diet**

C.  **Refer to gastroenteroligst**

D.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
2.  
3.  

## 

## **Psychiatry**

**(repeat) A baby was born with spina bifida. You find out that his
mother was taking medications**

**during her pregnancy. What is the most likely cause?**

A.  **Valproic acid**

**(repeat) How many days for lithium to reach the stable stage?**

A.  **5 to 8 days**

B.  **2 to 3 weeks**

C.  **1 to 2 days**

**Female with low mood, loss of interest, and depressive symptoms for 2
weeks, on examination tearful with psychomotor retardation. PH-Q9 16
(normal \< 5). Next step in management?**

A.  **Refer to psychotherapy**

B.  **Start SSRI**

C.  **Refer to ECT**

D.  **Check TF levels**

**(repeat) Female with low mood, poor sleep, and loss of interest, PH-Q9
16** **(normal \<5) for 2 months. Next step of management?**

E.  **Start CBT**

F.  **Start SSRI**

**Refer to ECT**

Patient with borderline personality disorder. Which medication will make
her symptoms worse?

A.  Benzodiazepine

B.  SSRI

C.  MAO inhibitor

D.  TCA

22-year-old college student visits the psychiatry clinic, he gets
palpitations and starts sweating when talking to his seniors and when he
presents in class. Diagnosis?

A.  Social phobia

B.  Panic disorder

C.  Adjustment disorder

D.  PTSD

A patient was started on lithium. What routine tests must be monitored?

A.  Renal function tests

B.  Liver function tests

Serum calcium

## **Respiratory**

## 

## **Rheumatology**

**Female patient with malar rash and positive ANA antibodies (SLE).
Management?**

**Note: they did not say malar rash in the exam, rather, they described
a** **butterfly** **rash on her face**

A.  **Hydroxychloroquine**

B.  **Methotrexate**

C.  **Topical steroids**

> **Immunotherapy**

## **General Surgery & Gastroenterology**

A.  
B.  
C.  
D.  

**A patient with known A-fib on anticoagulation presenting with diffuse
abdominal pain. On examination, guarding and peritonitic signs. Elevated
LDH. diagnosis?**

A.  **Acute mesenteric ischemia**

B.  **Acute pancreatitis**

**A patient with acute pancreatitis \> 5 weeks ago, presented with
epigastric fullness, pain, and vomiting. Amylase 300, abdominal US
showed a cystic-like lesion on the pancreas with no wall enhancement.
Diagnosis?**

A.  **Pancreatic pseudocyst**

B.  **Pancreatic necrosis**

C.  **Pancreatic cancer**

**A patient with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Question did not say
pancreatic adenocarcinoma, it said, patient with painless jaundice,
weight loss, CT shows a normal pancreas** **and a dilated CBD, i think
they mentioned no stone detected. Other imaging to confirm?/ next
step?**

A.  **MRCP**

B.  **US** **of the right upper quadrant**

C.  CT Abdomen with contrast??

## **Others / Misc**

Acetaminophen overdose case, management? AST 1500 ALT 1200 acetaminophen
blood level high (around 150)

A.  Activated charcoal

B.  Hemodialysis

C.  N-acetylcysteine

D.  Evaluate for liver transplant

(repeat) A man working in the petrochemical industry had lab tests
showing pancytopenia (Hb =10 mg/dL; Hct = 20%; Platelets = 20,000; WBCs
= 1,500). What is the diagnosis?

A. Benzene toxicity

B. Lead toxicity

C. Mercury poisoning

D. Carbon monoxide poisoning

A 40-year-old lady was brought by her family as she was agitated and
anxious. Her family says that she is depressed as she has recently
gotten divorced and quit her job. On examination, you notice that she is
diaphoretic, and her pupils are 7mm. what is the cause?

A. Opioid toxicity

B. Sympathomimetic drug toxicity

C. Cholinergic toxicity

D. Anticholinergic toxicity

A 30-year-old male presented with flu-like symptoms, rhinorrhea,
irritability, and sweating. These symptoms are most likely due to
withdrawal of which drug?

A. Amphetamine

B. Cocaine

C. Opiate

D. Cannabis

A 6 month unvaccinated, has vomiting that stops her from feeding: loose
motions; mother has similar symptoms, baby is not dehydrated: given oral
rehydration solution what next:

A.  Reassure and send home

B.  Stool culture

C.  Stool electron microscopy

D.  ?

A case about an active middle-aged male with knee pain, worse with
flexion: anterior and posterior drawers sign negative; McMurray test
negative; tenderness anterior to patellar; dx

[prepatellar bursitis]{.underline}

anterior cruciate ligament injury

posterior cruciate ligament injury

D. medial meniscal injury

Elderly male on glyburide with BMI 23: still symptomatic: fbs around
12mmol/l : hba1c about 9.4. He has weight loss and now BMI 21/22. GAD
antibody positive and no C-peptide levels detected. what next

A.  Increase glyburide dose

B.  Stop glyburide, give insulin

C.  start metformin

D.  Dash diet

E.  Refer to a diabetic counselor

Asthamatic patient with low hb, high RDW; pbf: anisocytosis: normal
reticulocyte count:question was describing IDA: choices were:

A.  IDA

B.  Spherocytosis

C.  Hemolytic anemia

D.  Thalassemia

Question describing cutaneous mastocytosis:male in his 30's maybe came
to assess brownish spots that he says were there since birth. Recently
they started sweling then blistering and rupturing(not sure about the
rupture). The blisters are on the scalp, trunk and upper limbs . He
denies GI symptoms or flushing: What is the most appropriate test to
assess for systemic disease

A.  serum tryptase

B.  Skin biospy

C.  Bone marrow biopsy

Abdominal ultrasound

Male smoker: reduced fev1 and reduced fev1/fvc ration; what to give

a.  Albuterol inhaler

b.  ICS

c.  Pneumonectomy

Patient with hsp: question describes purpura only on buttocks and lower
limbs nonblanchable; what else will you find

A.  Positive fecal occult blood

B.  Coagulopathy consumption

C.  Intracranial hemorrhage

Child with cough, worsening dyspnea, on examination has both wheeze and
crackles; peak flow meter 60. Whats the next step:

A.  Antibiotics

B.  Albuterol nebulization

C.  corticosteroids

The question about sickle cell is about child with swelling of both
hands and feet; tender; child id irritable; 2 of siblings have disease
that causes anemia: hx

A. HBSS

B. thalassemia

C. hbc

Repeated question with a child who has knee pain; describing sickle cell
and proximal tibia is tender: dx?

A.  Septic arthritis

B.  osteomyelitis

Question about bruton agamaglobinemia: child has recurrent sinus
infection; reacted to vaccibe: no lymph node enlargement: reduced IgA
and IgM and absent b cells on flow cytometry

Adult withfever, cough and congestion. On examination, right lower lobe
crackles and chest x-ray showed right sided lower lobe pneumonia.
Management?

A.  Amoxicillin

B.  Azithromycin

C.  Ciprofloxacin

A child sustained scrotal trauma while playing sports in morning; pain
subsided. Pain restarted at 21:00 mother brings him to the hospital at 2
am with testicular pain and swelling: phren\'s negative: sonographer
went for a break and will come back later after 3 hours: what next:

A.  Immediate testicular exploration

B.  Wait for sonographer to come back and then do US doppler

C.  Give antibiotics

D.  Reassure and send home?

Female post cholecystectomy developed painless jaundice; mild tenderness
in the right hypochondrium cause of jaundice:

a.  Clipping of CBD

Female with anxiety symptoms; couple facing financial issues: she has
chronic diarrhea, chronic constipation, chest pain, and recently started
complaining of a burning sensation upon urination; which symptom is not
caused by anxiety?

A.  Chest pain

B.  Diarrhea

C.  Constipation

D.  A burning sensation upon urination

Elderly menopausal with symptoms including night sweats, and dry vagina.
Examination showed atrophic vaginitis; what to give

A.  Estrogen

B.  Duloxetine

C.  Gabapentin

45 year old Postmenopausal with pv bleeding; ultrasound showed an
endometrial thickness of 6mm: best next step?

A.  Endometrial biopsy

B.  Progestin therapy

C.  COCS

A child with poor feeding(releases feeding bottle after one minute),
palpable liver, tachypnea, normal CVS with no murmurs and normal
respiratory examination with no abnormal auscultatory findings. However,
peripheral pulses were palpable but weak. Diagnosis?

a.  Vsd

b.  Coarctation of aorta

c.  Bronchiolitis

d.  SVT

Patient post-trauma, CXR shows pneumothorax: best initial step

A.  O2

B.  Chest tube insertion

C.  Intubate and ventilate

(repeat) the patient involved in RTA, has splenic contusion and 6th rib
fracture other mild injuries(the question did not say mild injuries )
which the thoracic surgery and general surgical team decided to do
conservative mx for; but patient also has sub capital femoral neck
fracture: what to do

A.  Admit to ortho and observe for 24 hrs and then fix the fracture

B.  Fix fracture immediately

C.  Discharge home with something

D.  ICU option maybe

Elderly male with abdominal pain and anemia; gross specimen of liver
provided; hx of smoking; no alcohol use. Pic provided is something
similar to the exam picture.

![](vertopal_709291d239994ccabc9ca39c49f3003a/media/image1.png){width="4.604166666666667in"
height="4.604166666666667in"}

A.  Mets from colorectal cancer

B.  Hepatocellular carcinoma

A child with hypoglycemia; had taken supper: examination no ketones in
blood and urine, no glucose in urine. Which enzyme deficiency is
responsible for seizure?

A.  MCAD

B.  Galactose -1 P uridyltransferase

C.  Phenylketonuria

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  What's the pathology (exact same image)?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  CRC METASTASIS

B.  Hepatocellular carcinoma

What is not true about pediatrics trauma compared to adults?

1.All spinal cord injuries due to spine fracture (im not sure but i
think this makes sense)

2.The urine output in children is more than that in adults

Borderline high calcium (9.8)
