**´\`** **-'**

**⚠️ Do not take any of the answers in this document as definitive and
final. Do your search and double check and feel free to leave comments
and discuss potential correct answers. ⚠️**

**[PLEASE DO NOT HIGHLIGHT ANSWERS OR WRITE EXTRA SUGGESTIONS BECAUSE IT
MESSES THE DOCUMENT. PLEASE ONLY WRITE COMMENTS.]{.underline}**

## Total of 120 questions

Elderly patient presenting with tearing chest pain radiating to the
back, BP 210/110 i90 in the left arm, the n the left arm,
170/ECpoonam.cn10@gmail.compoonam.cn10@gmail.comqqqqG was given which
showed ST elevations in leads II, III, aVF. Inferior leads What is the
next step? Is this dissection?

a.  Shift the patient for primary PCI

b.  Clopidogrel

Send the patient for urgent CT coronary angio98764321234567890-=\\eneral
information:

1.  Question and options are well written

2.  A lot of questions/topics from 294 and last year's exams came

3.  T values are provided for 99% of the questionsqq **qt**

**Reminder for the groups who will take the exam after us: please
collaborate in writing your exam's questions with as many details as
possible to help those who will come after you.**

## **Biostatistics**

1.  Odds ratio calculation ADxBC

2.  the mean difference in birth weights among children born to mothers
    > who received iron supplementation during pregnancy vs mothers who
    > did not receiveron supplementation during pregnancy. Which
    > statistical test will you use?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  Mann-Whitney

b.  Unpaired T-test (this should be the answer)

c.  Paired T-test

d.  Chi squaredComparing

e.  Pearson test

## **Cardiology**

3\. (294 document) Rapid heart rate, p waves buried in QRS. Mechanical
maneuvers have failed. What medication will you give?

a.  Adenosine

b.  Amiodarone

c.  Verapamil

4\. (294 document) Cardiomegaly, holosystolic murmur radiating to the
axilla (they did not directly mention mitral regurgitation), what do you
expect to see on ECG?

a.  Large p waves in lead II

b.  inverted p wave in v1

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
c.  
d.  

5\. to confirm dissection

e.  Start heparin and warfarin

6\. Patient presented with chest pain; the question included the ECG
description without giving the ECG. ST elevation STEMI in lead II, III
and aVF. Inferior leads RCA What is the next step?

a.  PCI

b.  Thrombolyis

c.  Nitrates

d.  TBB blockers

## **Emergency**

7\. (294 document) You are a doctor at the PHC, Old lady presented with
dizziness, ECG done showing AFib, vitally stable, what is the next step?
Where in 294 documents

a.  Send the patient to the Emergency department

8\. Young male patient involved in an RTA, everything was fine (ABCDE
all clear, no fractures, vitally stable) except for a wound he had with
necrotic some underlying muscle, distal pulses are intact, how would you
manage the patient?

a.  Primary closure

b.  Debridement of necrotic muscle and closure once the wound heals

c.  Amputation

d.  ?

9\. Patient came in after an RTA with complaints of urinary retention
and lower abdominal pain. On examination the bladder is palpable and
there is blood at the urethral meatus, which of the following is the
most likely diagnosis?

a.  Pubic fracture

b.  Ischial fracture

c.  Membranous urethral injury same presentation in traumatic
    > catheterisation (trans urethral)

10\. 18 year old brought by his mother after spending a night at a
friend's house. He was anxious, restless, and sweating. He denied taking
any drugs. What is the mechanism / effect of fluid loss in this case?
The patient's vitals were provided and he had postural hypotension.

a.  Decreased extracellular fluid

b.  Decreased intracellular fluid

## **Endocrine**

11\. A diabetic patient on medications presented with dizziness
(hypoglycemia) and lab tests showed hypoglycemia, which medication was
he likely taking?

a.  Biguanides

b.  Sulfonylureas

c.  Meglitinides

d.  thiazolidinediones

There was a question about a pool cleaner who was exposed to chlorine
and developed restrictive lung disease, he received treatment and his
symptoms recovered, which of the following is the most important advice
on discharge?

a.  Wear an n95 mask during work

b.  Repeat PFT after a weak this

c.  Return back to work but void exposure to chlorine

? follow up in the clinic after (). Is this a separate option d

12\. Patient presented after thyroidectomy with signs of tetany,
(hypoPTH) positive chvostek's sign (hypocalcemia) and muscle cramps,
what test would you like to order?

a.  Calcium hypocalcemia due to removal of pth glands or injury to
    > glands or their blood supply

b.  Other options?

> **Ethics**

13\. A female patient presented to the clinic complaining of some
symptoms, the dr wanted to examine the patient's lower limbs, so he
explained the purpose of the examination to her to ask her if she was
okay with her, to which she agreed. What is this called?

a.  Informed consent

b.  Other options?

14\. A patient came to clinic on time for his appointment but the doctor
was one hour late because of an emergency. On arrival the doctor notices
that the patient looks very angry, what should the doctor do next?

a.  Empathize with the patient

b.  Acknowledge the patient's anger correct

c.  Involve the PRO

d.  Ask the patient why he is angry

15\. Father and 2 year old child. Scenario suspicious of child abuse?
What should your initial step be?

a.  Ask the father to leave and interview the child alone

b.  Establish rapport with both the father and child (guess this one)
    > why not a

## **Family Medicine**

16\. Lady in her 50s inquiring about how to screen for cervical cancer,
what recommendation would you give her?

a.  Regular pap smear

b.  Test

c.  for chlamydia

d.  Test for gonorrhea

## **Genetics**

## **Hematology**

17\. Long scenario that mentions that serum protein electrophoresis
reveals the presence of M protein.

a.  Multiple myeloma monoclonal spike usually igG or igA

18\. What reduces the risk of future thrombo-occlusive crises in sickle
cell disease? Hydroxyurea Hydroxyurea makes your red blood cells bigger.
It helps them stay rounder and more flexible --- and makes them less
likely to turn into a sickle shapeincreases hbF

## **Infectious**

19\. A boy works at a farm and started developing symptoms of fatigue
and malaise, what is the cause?

a.  Brucella transmitted by ingestion of contaminated animal products
    > like unpasteurized milk, presents with undulant fever, night
    > sweats, and arthralgia. Ttt; Doxycycline plus (aminoglycoside or
    > rifampin)

20\. A man with traveler's diarrhea ETEC,watery diarrhea, he was told
that it was due to a bacteria. What antibiotic do you give?

a.  Ciprofloxacin correct

b.  Erythromycin

21\. A 39 year old patient presented with fever, focal neurological
deficits, and CSF analysis was turbid with High WBC, High Protein and
low glucose. What will you give the patient? Bacterial meningitis

a.  Dexamethasone, ceftriaxone and ampicillin this

b.  Dexamethasone and vancomycin

c.  Acyclovir

d.  Ceftriaxone

## **Nephrology & Renal**

22\. Middle aged patient presenting with fatigue, nausea and vomiting,
itchy skin (idk what other features were present but it sounded like
uremia to me), labs showing anemia, Urea 45 mmol, Creatinine 9, K+ 6.5,
imaging showing bilateral small kidneys and no hydronephrosis, what is
the next best step?

a.  Diuretics

b.  Hemodialysis correct

c.  

d.  I don\'t recall the other options

23\. c??) no adrenal adenoma known

a.  Essential hypertension

b.  Hyperaldosteronism this ?

24\. Patient with some abdominal complaint going for Contrast enhanced
CT, which medication can reduce the likelihood of contrast induced
nephropathy?

a.  Furosemide worsens

b.  Digoxin

c.  Alprostadil

d.  PPI

e.  Others? [NAC]{.underline}

(No IV fluids in the options) usually iv fluids and allopurinol

25\. Patient in 30s with recurrent episodes of (?dysuria), 3 attacks in
the last idk how long, first attack in the 20s i believe, every time it
happens to him, he has some URTI symptoms and they resolve, Urinalysis
showing (?RBC casts, abnormal RBCs \[if anyone remembers the exact
description please add it\]), what is the most likely diagnosis?

a.  IgA nephropathy

b.  PSGN

26\. Patient with hyperkalemia, which drug should be avoided?

a.  Loop

b.  Thiazide

c.  Spironolactone it is a potassium sparing diuretic

28\. A patient was exposed to lead in the workplace (further details??).
He was already receiving chelation therapy. On reassessment there is [no
urine output]{.underline}. Which intervention can help reduce the lead
levels in the blood?

a.  IV fluids

b.  Renal replacement therapy i think this

c.  Stop the chelation therap

## **Urology**

29\. 15 year old male with left-sided testicular pain for 2 days. Denies
sexual activity. On examination Tanner stage 4. Skin is erythematous on
the left side. No penile discharge. Doppler ultrasound is normal. What
is the most appropriate next test?

a.  Urine culture ANS

b.  ESR

c.  Gonorrhea

d.  NAAT for I

e.  

f.  Serum Amylase

30\. Elderly patient with history of recurrent UTI and indwelling
suprapubic catheter presents for a follow up visit 3 days after a
culture was showing \>100,000 CFU of pan-sensitive E. Coli. The patient
is asymptomatic and the catheter was changed within the last month. Next
Step?

a.  Observe really

b.  Nitrofurantoin for 7 days

c.  TMP-SMX for 14 days

d.  Ciprofloxacin for 3 days

31\. Male patient with abdominal pain radiating to the scrotum ended up
passing a 5x5 mm stone and brought it with him to the hospital, what is
the next step?

a.  Chemical analysis of the stone

32\. Asymptomatic 50 y male patient came for a follow up visit to your
clinic after having a PSA of 4.1. Prostate exam is normal. What is the
best next step?

a.  **[Repeat PSA]{.underline}**

b.  Follow up after 1 year

c.  Biopsy

d.  **Free PSA**

33\. A patient presents with back pain and neurological symptoms. He is
known to have prostate cancer. What is the likely cause of his symptoms.

a.  Cord compression

b.  Disc herniation

c.  Other options?

## **Neurology & ENT**

34.Young female patient with eyelid drooping by the end of the day and
jaw pain (some description of MG), which of the following investigations
is likely to show an abnormality?

a.  Chest CT for thymomas/thymic pathology

b.  Abdominal CT no use in MG

c.  Other options?

d.  Brain MRI

35\. A description of peripheral facial nerve paralysis with loss of
wrinkles in the forehead and droopin g of the mouth. 2 days prior to the
onset of symptoms she felt a mild retro auricular pain. No mention of a
rash. What is the diagnosis?

a.  Bell's palsy

b.  Ramsey hunt syndrome

**36. Idiopathic parkinson's disease (Patient met criteria** **for**
TRAP**)**

**37. Brain tumor (2 weeks of symptoms)**

## **Oncology**

38\. Middle aged patient presenting with B symptoms and enlarged lymph
nodes, biopsy revealed bilobed nuclei with surrounding lymphocytes, what
is the most likely diagnosis?

a.  Hodgkin lymphoma

b.  Leukemia

## **Ortho**

39\. What is the most accurate modality to confirm the presence of or
rule out a fracture early on, within the first day?

a.  CT of the hip

b.  Repeat X -ray

c.  MRI of the hip according to amboss\*

40\. 13 year old boy presenting with sharp pain in the hip and knee. On
examination the boy is vitally stable, is obese and the tallest in his
classroom, and has limited range of motion on internal rotation due to
pain. What is the most likely diagnosis?

a.  SCFE

b.  Perthes disease

c.  Transient synovitis

d.  Septic arthritis

41\. A patient had sustained some injury 2 years back and since then he
has been using crutches. Recently he developed some weakness in the
right hand where he was not able to extend his wrist (more details were
present which ruled out other condition, please provide more info if you
recall). What is the most likely diagnosis?

a.  Crutch palsy

b.  Other options??

42\. A patient suffered a humerus fracture, afterwards he was not able
to extend his wrist aka wrist drop or fingers loss of finger extension ,
which structure was injured?

a.  Radial nerve mid shaft of humerus

b.  Ulnar nerve medial epicondyle of humerus

c.  Median nerve supracondylar fracture of humerus

## **OBGYN**

43\. Lady at 34W gestation presents with mild fresh bleeding. No pain or
contractions. Non-stress test is category 1 and no contractions. Next
step?

a.  Biophysical profile

b.  **[Speculum examination]{.underline}**

c.  Digital pelvic examination

d.  Doppler US of the fetus

44\. Lady with PV bleeding ultrasound confirmed molar pregnancy (just
that no description of features) next step?

a.  Surgical evacuation

b.  Biopsy the tissue to know which type of mole

c.  Wait for it to pass?

45\. Lady with a history of 3 previous ectopic pregnancies in the right
tube managed with methotrexate. Currently presenting with an ectopic in
the same tube. BP was 90/60

Management?

a.  Methotrexate

b.  Laparoscopic salpingectomy this, due to previous hx and currently
    > hemodynamicallly unstable

46\. Lady with 8 week history of amenorrhea presents with PV bleeding,
on examination cervical motion tenderness is present ectopic, PID,
ovarian torsion, US shows an adnexal sac, what is the most likely
diagnosis?

a.  Ectopic

b.  Molar

c.  Normal pregnancy

47\. Lady with a 6 week history of amenorrhea complaining of ? vaginal
bleeding, US done showing an adnexal mass and a cystic structure in the
endometrium (if anyone remembers the exact wording please include it
here). What is the most likely diagnosis

a.  Ectopic

b.  Intrauterine pregnancy

c.  Pregnancy of undetermined location

d.  Other options?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

49\. Lady presents to the clinic at 22w gestion, underwent ovulation
induction for this pregnancy but otherwise the pregnancy has been
unremarkable, on examination the fundal height is consistent with 26w
gestation, what is the likely cause of the discrepancy?

a.  Molar pregnancy

b.  Undiagnosed twin pregnancy ovulation induction, fetus large for
    > dates

c.  Other options?

50\. M

a.  **Start 6h after surgery and continue for 7 days** **this I think**

b.  **Start 24 hours after and continue for ?duration.**

c.  **Start before surgery and continue for 6 weeks**

d.  **Start during surgery and continue for ?duration**

In

51\. Young female lady with irregular menstrual cycles, on examination
she is obese and has hirsutism, lab investigations show normal FSH
elevated LH elevated androgens pcos, what is the most likely diagnosis?

a.  PCOS

b.  Other options??

52\. A 16w pregnant lady presented to the emergency with acute
pancreatitis that was found to be due to gallstones. What is the most
appropriate management for this patient?

a.  Lap chole before discharge

b.  Lap chole during 3rd trimester

c.  Other options??

d.  Lap chole 17-19 weeks

e.  Lap chole 20-22 weeks i think this is correct

53\. A pregnant lady presented with a swelling in the neck but was
otherwise asymptomatic. She has a pet cat. vRest of the clinical
evaluation is unremarkable. What is the baby at risk of acquiring?

a.  Rubella

b.  CMV

c.  Toxoplasmosis handling of cat fecesR

d.  Syphilis

54\. Lady known case of hypothyroidism on 0.5mg thyroxine recently
became pregnant, since then her hypothyroidism symptoms have worsened,
labs showing low t3/t4 and elevated tsh, what is the next step?

a.  Increase thyroxine to 0.75 mg i think this levo is not teratogenic

b.  US

c.  FNA

d.  Other options??

## 55. Germ cell tumor (this was a young girl \[i think maybe around 10yo please correct me if im wrong\] who presented with mass effect symptoms \[abdominal distention, bloating, early satiety\] and was found to have bilateral ovarian masses. The question mentioned that they were suspecting malignancy. What is the most likely diagnosis? Other options included epithelial tumors and sex cord stromal tumors)

v

## 

a.  

## 

Q\)

a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  
e.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  
e.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

## 

a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

## 

a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

## 

a.  ## 

b.  ## 

c.  ## 

## 

a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

## 

a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
A.  
B.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  
d.  

## 

a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  
c.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
a.  
b.  

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
d.  
e.  
f.  

clinic after ()
