**\\⚠️ Do not take any of the answers in this document as definitive and
final. Do your search and double check and feel free to leave comments
and discuss potential correct answers. ⚠️**

## **Biostatistics**

Major concern in bias it was about type of bias in case control study?
Recall bias etc biases

Calculate the odds ratio of developing hypertension for working more
than 40 hours per week the table was already there answers include 2,
0.5, 600/1050

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  Hypertension      No hypertension
  ------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------------
  Working \<40hrs/week            660               50

  Working \>40hrs/week            1050              60
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

1050/660 over 60/50

> (660x60)/(50x1050) = 0.75 ?

##  **Cardiology**

A patient had BNP 500 smth, it was asking which drug would reduce
mortality (or smth like longest term This patient has HF with reduced
ejection fraction EF was 35%, the question was asking about which drug
is associated with reduced mortality:

-Digoxin.

-Furosemide.

-Amlodipine

-The 4th option has 2 drugs: Valsartan/Scauitril (ARB + Nepritysin
inhibitor) together, one is ARBs and the other one i don\'t remember but
it WasNOT ACEI

benefit)? Choices were furosemide, digoxin, ACEi+ARB(I think this is
correct)There is no such thing as ACEi + ARB, I think you mean ARNI
(angiotensin receptor/neprilysin inhibitor) which is the correct answer.

> **Which finding supports exudative pleural effusion?**

a.  **Pleural fluid protein / serum protein ratio \< 0.5." they actually
    > mean \> 0.5 because its high in protien " unless question meant
    > except because low PH and low glucose are also indicative of
    > exudative pleural effusion "** **(should be \>0.5, pleural fluid
    > LD/serum LDH ration \> 0.6, pleural fluid LDH \> ⅔ upper limit
    > norma Serum LDH)**

b.  **Low glucose ((Exudative)**

c.  **PH 7.2. Exudative)**

d.  **Microbiology**

**Patient came with chest pain for 16hrs, has history of coronary
disease and is a smoker, they said his ECG was normal, which test would
be helpful in diagnosis?**

a.  **Troponin**

b.  **Exercise test**

c.  **Others**

**Most common complication of aortic aneurysm?**

a.  **Rupture**

b.  **Thrombosis**

c.  **others**

> **The question was about male patient who developed kidney stone, went
> for imaging and they incidentally found that he has 6 cm aortic
> aneurysm,** **what complication is most likely to happen:**

-   **Intramural thrombus.**

d.  **Rupture**

## **Emergency**

> Patient had a Glasgow coma score 8 patient was already intubated what
> is the best measure to ensure something I forgot) ABG analysis
> something like this

A male patient came with symptoms of appendicitis(for a long time i
think a week) I lthink from their explanation of the imaging it was
already ruptured because they said it had fluid around it. What should
be done?

a.  Appendectomy in a few days with immediate antibiotics

b.  Percutaneous aspiration and IV antibiotics.

This Q was about complicated appendicitis ,5cm appendicular abscess,
what is the next step: \[the patient was feverish with abdominal
tenderness\].

-IV antibiotics, and imaging guided percutaneous drainage.

-Oral antibiotics and imaging guided percutaneous drainage.

-other options was about immediate surgical removal.

Patient present with bleeding, he is hypotensive (80/60), best initial
step?

a.  IV fluid

b.  Blood and cross match =

c.  Endoscopy

Patient with active hematemesis, he was alert but hemodynamically
unstable BP 70/50\[ he was in hemorrhagic shock, they mentioned in the
stem that his lower limbs are cold and dry\]: what is the next step:

(Always stabilize first and then go for other investigations)

**-2 liters of crystalloids over** 20**-30 mins.**

-Cross match and packed blood transfusion.\*

-Sengstaken--Blakemore ballon tamponade.

-Upper endoscopy.

## **Endocrine**

> **Ethics**

## **Family Medicine**

## **Genetics**

## **Hematology**

Child i think 10 months old, did not have pre/postnatal care, was born
in a refugee camp, had bleeding, no petechia or purpura, how would the
labs be? Labs were between platelets, PT, aPTT. The choices were mixed
between increased/decreased/normal. I think it is vitamin K deficiency
because he didn\'t receive vitamin K shot. (Labs in Vit k deficiency:
prolonged PT/INR, normal platelets, ppssiblby prolonged aPTT) So I chose
normal platelets, normal aPTT, abnormal PT

**Infectious**

> A patient came to you in the PHC, had vesicular rash on his back for
> the past 5 days, painful and burns. Management? ( it is shingles but
> they mentioned that pustules started to develop )

a.  Acyclovir. I would go with this even if \>72 hrs has passed, bc the
    > rash has evolved. But if it is crusting and pt is healthy,
    > paracetamol would be correct)

b.  Mupirocin cream Antibiotic

c.  Paracetamol (i think supportive because he presented more than 72
    > hrs)

> Refer to dermatologist

NICE recommend prescription of an oral antiviral within 72 hours of rash
onset if:

i.  Immunocompromised patients

ii. Non-truncal rash involvement (e.g. affecting face, neck, limbs,
    > perineum)

iii. Moderate-severe pain or rash

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
d.  Consider prescribing anti-viral therapy if aged \>50-years-old (NICE
    > suggest this is with the aim to reduce the incidence of
    > post-herpetic neuralgia)

> Corticosteroids

-   If a patient is on anti-viral treatment, NICE further recommend
    > consideration of a course of oral corticosteroids

-   Used in the first 2 weeks following the onset of the rash

-   This should only be used in conjunction with anti-viral treatment,
    > and in immunocompetent adults with localised shingles if the pain
    > is severe

An outbreak happened and A group got poisoning 6hrs after a wedding,
they had diarrhea and vomiting i think. The food had some cream filling.
Organism?

a.Staph aureus (Happens within 1-6 hours)correct

b.Clostridium Perferinges (Happens after 6 hours)

c.Norovirus

## **Nephrology & Renal**

A patient had 3x2 staghorn stone 3\*4cm(not sure about the size) in the
calyx. Management?

a.  Percutaneous lithotomy

b.  Percutaneous Nephrostomy

c.  Pyelolithotomy

d.  extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy

e.  ## Others

Renal stones

-   watchful waiting if \< 0.5cm ( 5mm)

-   0.5-1cm shockwave lithotripsy

-   1-2 cm shockwave lithotripsy OR ureteroscopy

-   \> 2 cm percutaneous nephrolithotomy " PCN "

Uretic stones

-   shockwave lithotripsy +/- alpha blockers\>\< 1cm shockwave
    > lithotripsy +/- alpha blockers

-   1-2 cm ureteroscopy

## **Urology**

Patient sustained an injury and there is blood at urethra what , bladder
was palpable during abdominal examination.the next step and management?
Superpubic cathzarion

Ascending urethrography **" to confirm uretheral injury first "**

## **Assessment of Urethral Injury:**

-   ## **It\'s commonly used to evaluate urethral injuries after trauma (e.g., pelvic fractures, blunt trauma) to determine the extent and location of the injury. It is particularly useful in cases of suspected posterior urethral injury, where the urethra may be disrupted or torn.**

-   ## **Key finding: A contrast leak outside the urethra indicates a rupture or disruption.**

##  

## **Neurology & ENT**

**Patient has clear signs of increased intracranial pressure nausea and
vomiting with headaches for more than two weeks diagnosis brain tumour**

**An old female had symptoms of alzheimer (they mentioned that this is
the diagnosis), which lobe would be atrophied?** **(The Temporal lobe is
the main one that get affected by alzheimer's. Parietal & frontal gets
affected in later stages). The qs might have mentioned specific symptoms
that shows specific lobe involvement)**

a.  **frontal. (Personality, behavior, & executive dysfunction: loss of
    > judgment & decision making ability, apathy, disinhibition,
    > irritability, social inappropriate behavior, diffifulty planning,
    > organizing tasks)**

**. Temporal (memory formation: memory & language deficits: short-term
memory loss, difficulty forming new memories)**

b.  **parieta. (Visuospatial & navigtion issues: lost in familiar
    > places, treoulbe recognizing faces, difficulty dressing, impaired
    > calculations & difficulty handling money)**

c.  **Occipital**

## **Ortho**

> Picture of humeral fracture patient fell on an outstretched hand and
> can't feel three fingers on the doors and has wrist weakness and can
> Dorsiflex flex which nerve is injured radial

## **OBGYN**

## Placenta previa question, it said the placenta was at the cervical opening, and patient came with painless bleeding, they were asking about the diagnosis

## **Neurology & ENT**

**Patient has clear signs of increased intracranial pressure nausea and
vomiting with headaches for more than two weeks diagnosis brain tumour
(spac-occupying lesion)**

**An old female had symptoms of alzheimer (they mentioned that this is
the diagnosis), which lobe would be atrophied? (The Temporal lobe is the
main one that get affected by alzheimer's. Parietal & frontal gets
affected in later stages). The qs might have mentioned specific symptoms
that shows specific lobe involvement)**

d.  **frontal. (Personality, behavior, & executive dysfunction: loss of
    > judgment & decision making ability, apathy, disinhibition,
    > irritability, social inappropriate behavior, diffifulty planning,
    > organizing tasks)**

**temporal. Temporal (memory formation: memory & language deficits:
short-term memory loss, difficulty forming new memories)**

e.  **parietal\*. (Visuospatial & navigtion issues: lost in familiar
    > places, treoulbe recognizing faces, difficulty dressing, impaired
    > calculations & difficulty handling money)**

f.  **Occipital**

## **Ortho**

> Picture of humeral fracture patient fell on an outstretched hand and
> can't feel three fingers on the doors and has wrist weakness and can
> Dorsiflex flex which nerve is injured radial

6mm endometrial thickness in a postmenopausal woman with AUB, net step
of management?

a.  Endometrial biopsy

b.  Observe

c.  Hysterectomy

d.  

Question about hemolytic disease the woman was P1, she gave birth, there
was rhesus incompatibility. The choices were about administering
different dosages of anti-immunoglobulin D to the mother OR fetus, and
another choice was about doing
[Kleihauer-Betke](https://www.osmosis.org/answers/Kleihauer-Betke-test)
test. (i think this is correct to determine dosage as per amboss)

-   This question was asking about pregnant Rh-ve, G2P1. Her previous
    > pregnancy uncomplicated and she didn\'t receive AntiD during the
    > first pregnancy. While During this pregnancy she has received
    > antiD at 28th week. Then Her delivery was complicated and she lost
    > 1500mL of blood during delivery. After delivery the venous cord
    > blood showed that the baby is Rh+ve. What will you do:

-   -The choices had different doses of AntiD and when to give it and do
    > you give it to the mother or to the child.

-   Or doing Kleihauer-betke test.

-   Nothing

A patient came requesting a contraceptive method, on examination she had
well-localized ovarian cyst with surrounding fluid. What should be done?

a.  Follow-up in 3 months and then consider her contraceptive request

b.  OCP

c.  Progestin-only

d.  Another one

## **Woman with twin pregnancies, presenting child was 3cm from cervix / pubic symphysis, head was the vertex, other child was above in breech presentation, what was the right way to give birth**

C section,

Assisted vaginal delivery of both. (best method for vertex-breech twins,
with the option for breech extraction or external cephalic version (ECV)
for Twin B.)

Assisted vaginal delivery of presenting child and c section for the
next.

## **Ophthalmology**

## **72 year-old patient with comorbidities such as hypertension hyperlipidaemia and diabetes and is on medications presented with blurry vision for the past two days a year ago she had some laser surgery that she tells you literally tells you laser surgery at the ophthalmology clinic for her diabetes something like that? Age related macular degeneration**

A **fundoscopy picture was attached and there were multiple drusens.**

## **Pediatrics**

A patient is asking you about vaccinations to take before travelling
abroad. She has egg allergy. Which vaccine cannot be given for someone
with egg allergy influenza or ***yellow fever*** and MMR other choices

It is now obsolete this is old guidelines pt can take his vaccinations
normally but if u had to choose yea **YELLOW FEVER.**

## **Psychiatry**

What is true about trichotillomania? It is associated with obsessive
ve)compulsive disorder in children or childhood something like this,
alopecia Areata obvs wrong (alopecia may be correct. but choosing an
answer that has a broad difinition is better)

(Trichotillomaina: chronic, compulsive hair pulling disorder associated
with significant distress. CBT & habit reversal training is th emost
effecti

Histrionic personality disorder case, the patient likes to show off and
talks about others and seeks attention

There was another weird case about a girl who recently had worsened
grades, and does not like to interact with anyone including family
members, on examination she was apathic and unbothered and does not know
the cause of her attitude?

a.  Agoraphobia

b.  Social phobia

c.  Conduct personality disorder

d.  Schizophrenia

e.  Depression.

f.  Other, (none of them made sense honestly)

A 17 years old female came with to Primary health care and reports that
she has lost interest in her studies and has a low mood and also reports
insomnia and poor concentration, what is the initial management?

a.Provide Counselling CORRECT

b.Fluoxetine

c.Refer to Psychiatry

d.Some other drug

e\. Measure BUN and CBC

## **Respiratory**

year old with nonproductive cough and fever(it was typical presentation
of walking pneumonia. (Mild symptoms but examination & imaging findings
goes with more severe pneumonia. So u get surprised by the mild symptoms
the patient have despite extensive findings). On chest exam you were
surprised literally says you were surprised to hear crackles bilaterally
and an x-ray was attached and it says labelled with arrows bilateral
opacities in the lower lobes what treatment? Amoxicillin, amox-clav,
azithromycin

**Atypical pneumonia \>\> Macrolides**

**A coal worker works with coal for myears, he developed mesothelioma.
Wwhat is the cause?**

> **Asbestosis** **(correct)**
>
> **Coal**

**Silicosis**

**A patient from india hes working as a hospital porter is having some
respiratory symptoms, night sweats, weight loss, and the xray showed
lesion or infiltrates in the lower lobe, which would lead to a
diagnosis?**

a.  **Sputum culture**

b.  **Bronchoscopic lavage and** **stain?** **(This qs was repeated in
    > the following 2 exams and the answer in both documents went with
    > this option. But according to ChatGPT, the sputum culture is the
    > definitive for the diagnosis. As ZN stain is not definitive: only
    > shows acid-fast bacilli. Which might be TB or other mycobacteria.
    > Bronchial wash is more invasive. Used for patient who cannot
    > produce sputum or when the culture comes back negative and TB
    > suspicion is still high)**

c.  **Zihel nelson**

d.  **Others**

## **Rheumatology**

## **General Surgery & Gastroenterology**

A patient has hep B, which markers would show acute
infection\>\>positive HBsAg and HbeAg. (+ Anti---HBc IgM)

A patient has [ulcerative colitis]{.underline}, presented with pruritus
and jaundice. Had inflammation in intra and extrahepatic ducts. Most
likely diagnosis? PSC

A patient had epigastric pain not related to food, and radiates to back,
I think a mass was felt in the epigastric region and they mentioned that
his Liver function tests were normal. What is expected as a
gastroenterological finding? There was diarrhea, vomiting, steatorrhea
(probably this)

## **Others / Misc**

A patient's father is telling you about his s no on's dental carries and
what do you recommend which mineral to prevent dental carries? Fluoride

A patient had multiple brown spots since birth all over his body but
have increased in number and sometimes they would crust, they are
macules and papules, what should be done to check for systemic
involvement? Whole body CT, endoscopy, and others. (This might be a case
of NF1. To check for systemic involvement u should do a comprehensive
evaluation: neurological exam, ophalmmologic exam, MRI brain/Spine, BP
monitoring, & skeletal assessment)\
Best Answer: ✅ Dermatological Evaluation and Genetic Testing (only done
if diagnosis is unclear. but its is not done to check for systmeic
involvement). Not sure of this option is correct)

A patient who is an organ donor died, which of those should receive the
organs?

a.  Young patient with AKI (AKI often reversible.)

b.  75 year old with CKD\* (elderly: higher surgical risks & shorter
    > life-expectancy)

c.  A patient with HIV and some organ failure ((HIV is not a CI for
    > transplantation. Would benefit from the nrew organ.)

d.  A patient with hepatitis, cirrhosis, encephalopathy etc (multiple
    > CIs for transplant)

e.  A patient who is brain dead

Which ati-epiliptic medication is associated with thrombocytopenia,
pancreatitis ?

a.  Valproic acid

Which medication increases risk of seizure?

a.  **Clozapine**

b.  Olanzapine

c.  Haloperidol

Patient had history of DVT come for counseling for contraception, best
option? ((ChatGPT: all considered correct except for OCP bc it has
estrogen. The best contraceptive is copper IUD. but if they don't
mention which type of IUD maybe go with POP?)

Combined oral contraction

**Progesterone only pills**

Progesterone only with mefenamic acid

Condom

IUCD

(Repeated) Middle aged patient presenting with B symptoms and enlarged
lymph nodes, biopsy revealed bilobed nuclei wi th surrounding
lymphocytes, what is the most likely diagnosis?

a.  Hodgkin lymphoma

b.  Leukemia

c.  

(Repeated) A patient presents with back pain and neurological symptoms.
He is known to have prostate cancer. What is the likely cause of his
symptoms?

a.  Cord compression. (Due to vertebral metastasis from prostate cancer)

b.  Disc herniation

(Repeated) A patient suffered a humerus fracture, afterwards he was not
able to extend his wrist or fingers, which structure was injured?

a.  Radial nerve

b.  Ulnar nerve

c.  Median nerve

(Repeated) There was a child who was presenting in respiratory distress
and had features of heart failure (?hepatomegaly, S3), also had a
concomitant/preceding viral infection??, what is the most likely
diagnosis?

a.  Rheumatic fever

b.  kawasaki

c.  Viral myocarditis

(Repeated)A 46-year-old woman comes for a routine gynecological visit.
On pelvic examination, a 1-cm red, granular lesion is noted on the
posterior cervical lip, which is firm and bleeds on contact. Which one
of the following is the next best step for establishing a diagnosis?

a.  Conization

b.  Punch biopsy

c.  Colposcopy

\[294\] A 2-year-old kid was brought in for a productive cough & fever.
Neutrophils were 54%, bands 18% Lymphocytes 30% and CXR showed
infiltrated in 1 lobe (lobar pneumonia). What is the most likely cause?

a.  RSV

b.  Streptococcus pneumoniae

c.  Mycoplasma

Baby with retrosternal retractions, crackles, next step?

a.  Give oxygen mask

b.  Antibiotics

c.  IV fluids

d.  Intubate

Pediatric patient with anemia, labs showing low hemoglobin, high RDW 18,
anisocytosis, microcytic hypochromic

a.  Iron deficiency anemia

b.  Thalassemia trait (normal RDW)

c.  

Patient had some injury involving thoracic spine. What is seen in a
patient with an injury at T10-T11 level?

d.  Weakness of ankle reflexes

e.  Loss of superficial abdominal sensation (causes loos of superficial
    > abdominal reflexes but not sensation)

f.  Loss of bilateral lower limb tone

g.  Loss of sensation of lower limb

h.  Increased reflexes in the lower limb (I think this is the correct
    > answer. Why? T10-T11 injury: **LMN signs at the level of injury &
    > UMN signs below the level of injury** which includes:

-   Paraplegia, sensory loss below the umbilicus, & bowel/bladder
    > dysfunction

-   UMN signs: spascticity & hyperreflexia below the injury after spinal
    > shock resolves

-   LMN signs: flaccid paralysis, areflexia ath the level of injury)

Child presenting with painless cervical lymphadenopathy
hepatosplenomegaly no features of anemia or thrombocytopenia,
investigation revealed raised WBC count, raised lymphocytes, blood smear
showing atypical lymphocytes, what is the most likely needed to confirm
diagnosis? (Most likely this child ALL. EBV might be a differential
however less likely unless infectious mononucleosis is suspected. In EBV
they present with reactive atypical lymphocytes, along with features of
pharyngitis, fever & fatigue + tranisient anemia or thrombocytopenia)

a.  EBV serology

b.  Bone marrow biopsy (I would go with this since its a priority)

c.  ??

Patient with fatigue and unrefreshing sleep on examination he is obese,
snoring, what initial step for management (if you remember more details
please add them)

a.  Weight loss medication

b.  High flow oxygen

c.  CPAP

d.  Oral Mandibular Device

Young male patient presenting with 3 day history of periumbilical then
localized to RLQ, on examination he has a palpable mass in the RLQ,
imaging revealed a 6x6 cm collection (walled-off appendicial abscess)).
How will you manage?

a.  Oral antibiotics + image guided drainage

b.  IV antibiotics + image guided drainage correct

c.  Appendectomy within 72h after antibiotics (appendectomy in 6-8
    > weeks)

d.  Oral antibiotics + Analgesia

e.  IV antibiotics + Analgesia

A 65-year-old man came complaining of dribbling and other urinary
symptoms. On DRE, he had a moderately enlarged firm prostate. PSA was
7.8 initially and 7.9 after 4 weeks. Curious to know why PSA is high,
what is the next step?

i.  Alpha-blocker & follow up PSA

ii. 5-alpha-reductase & follow up PSA

iii. TURP

iv. 

v.  Transurethral biopsy with antibiotic coverage

Child with Drooling, Stridor, Muffled voice, tripod position, Thumbprint
sign in neck X-ray

a.  **Epiglottitis**

b.  Croup

You have read about a RCT and want to assess the effect of cardiac
issues or something and their association with renal issues. Which one
is the most optimal way?prospective cohort study

a.  Metanalysis of RCTs

b.  RCT

c.  Cohort

d.  Case control

Schizophrenia inheritance mode?

a.  Monozygotic twin has chance of 10%

b.  Dizygotic twins has chance of 1%

c.  **polygenic**

d.  Will have 50-40% if one of the parents are affected

Patient had a MVA (Motor vehicle accident) then had a flail chest. He
had hyperresonant lungs. Then his oxygen levels became stable as he was
intubated. On examination, his abdomen was protuberant and DULL ON
PERCUSSION , has fractured femur, has a fixed dilated pupil. What will
you do next

i.  **Fast (if EFAST positive \>\> exploratory laparotomy)**

ii. CT

iii. Laparotomy

iv. 

A 52 years old man presents with progressive dysphagia starting from
solids to liquids and now he has hoarseness of voice and on xray
prominant sub carina nodes are found so What makes this cancer
incurable? ( if you remember the details please add)

a.  Hoarseness of voice " Direct compression or local invasion

b.  Previous barrett esophagus

c.  Enlarged Carina Lymph Nodes

Which of the following will make patient with ulcerative colitis have
more risk to develop colon cancer?

a.  Involvement of rectum

b.  Severity of colitis \*

c.  **Histology at time of diagnosis**

d.  

e.  

f.  **Depth of Invasion**

g.  

Most likely to be malignant?

a.  More invasive

Which of the following is not a feature of diabetic retinopathy ?

a.  A-V nipping " seen in hypertensive retinopathy"

## Comparing two means that are similar 

b.  ## Student paired t-test. (Correct)

c.  ## Student unpaired t-test (maybe)

d.  ## Mann-whitney

e.  ## Pearson test

## Chi-square test

f.  ## 

g.  ## 

h.  ## 

i.  ## 

j.  ## 

## **If we have a graph of linear regression in which x represents the dependent variable and y represents the independent variable, Which of the following is true about the slope of y?**

i.  It is every unit change of y for every unit change of x\*

ii. Every unit change of y for every unit change of mean of x

iii. Every unit change of mean of y for every unit change of x

> *(The same options above were rewritten in 4 different ways with
> removing and adding the word "mean" randomly before y and x in very
> confusing ways that don't make sense. I chose the one that doesn't
> have the word "mean" which is option A above)*

## Mean of y is when x = 0

> **You are a surgical resident in Ottawa, Canada. A Swiss patient comes
> to you after suffering fracture of his cervical two and cervical three
> vertebrae due to an accident while skiing that he became quadriplegic;
> and now he is paralyzed below neck. He made his advance directive that
> clearly states that he no longer wanted to live a life of persistent
> vegetative state and so he wants physician assisted suicide. His
> family is against his decision and wanted to make him live that way
> and hope for further research in stem cells and genomics will find
> cure for his quadriplegic state. Ethical consideration in decision
> making for that movie star will include:**

a.  **An integrated model: coherence theory**

b.  Bottom up models: cases and inductive generalization.

c.  Four quadrant approach: Aristotle virtue theory

d.  Principlism and common morality theory

e.  

f.  

g.  

h.  

i.  Top- down models: theory and application

> Strawberry cervix caused by?

a.  Trichomonas vaginalis

Women diagnosed with endometriosis, she is trying to conceive. What is
the best for conceiving for her?

(✔ First-Line: Timed intercourse with ovulation induction (letrozole).

✔ If unsuccessful: IUI for mild-moderate endometriosis.

✔ If IUI fails or severe disease: IVF is the most effective option.

✔ Laparoscopy (if symptomatic or large endometriomas present))).

a.  Ablation of endometriosis

b.  Adoption

c.  IVF

Lady with epigastric pain with history of NSAIDS

i.  PUD

ii. Acute pancreatitis

iii. Diverticulosis

> Which finding supports exudative pleural effusion?

e.  fl uid protein / serum protein ratio \< 0.5.

f.  [Low glucose]{.underline}

g.  [PH 7.2]{.underline}

h.  Microbiology

Parkinson medication works in?

a.  Substantia nigra reticularis

b.  Substantia nigra compacta

> **A 28 y/o man presented with xanthomas all over his hands and body.
> His father died at the age of 51 due to a myocardial infarction.
> Investigations showed an abnormal lipid profile ([LDL = 400; TGs =
> 200; HDL = 45)]{.underline}. His father has CAD. Diagnosis?**

a.  Familial hypercholesterolemia correct

b.  **Familial combined hyperlipidemia "(VLDL will be high)**

c.  

d.  

e.  Type IV dyslipidemia

A & B inheritance is autosomal dominant

Child 3 years old brought by his mother because he is Looking
malnourished. He drinks diluted milk 1-3x/day. Does not like to eat
home-cooked meals. No past medical illnesses. Up to date vaccination.
Reached all developmental milestones. O/E he was on the 5th percentile
of his age.

Possible cause?

-   Bad eating habits (answer)

-   Neglect

-   Celiac disease

-   Milk protein allergy

Immunodeficiency associated with no tonsillar tissue, and repeated
infection by encapsulated bacteria:

-   Chronic granulomatous disease

-   SCID

-   CVID

-   X linked agammaglobulinemia

-   Can't remember

How to screen for hepatocellular carcinoma?

a.  U/S every year.

b.  Ultrasound every 6 months. Correct for high risk people

c.  Alpha fetoprotein" maybe used with US but not sufficient on its own
    > "

d.  Others?

A 55 years old lady comes for a regular health checkup, she is a smoker
for many years but left it 5 years ago so which screening test is
appropriate for her?

a.Low dose Ct Scan\*

b.Chest Xray for lung cancer

c.Abdominal Ultrasound

d.Some 2 other options

This is only 75 questions !!
